or just , - yes , it 's certain crimes , uh , capital crimes , murder , of course , uh , rape , uh-huh .
encouraged by the brisk performance , mitsubishi plans to raise its per - share dividend to 3.50 yen from three yen .
the violence can seem very realistic , but the aftermath is usually not there .
mr. pertschuk adds that the new commercial dovetails perfectly with major aspects of philip morris 's political strategy .
yeah , yeah , <laughter> yeah that 's , uh , definite security involved in , uh , in a dog like that .
but yesterday 's action put to rest any lingering resistance from tobacco interests .
well , they did away with tenure in teaching along time ago , you know , in the public schools .
the benchmark 30 - year bond was nearly 1 / 4 point higher , or up about $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
i do n't know .
-- but they seem to fall short of , of being really creative with a lot of things , i mean -- yeah , uh-huh .
the sole exceptions are an estimated 30 flights of six hours or more beginning or ending in hawaii and alaska .
i , i would have to lean toward capital punishment , you know , for certain crimes .
if it finally gets to that point .
and georgia - pacific could save money in selling pulp , because the company uses its own sales organization while nekoosa employs higher - cost agents .
oh , i 'd like to see flexible hours .
he noted that institutional investors showed '' pretty general '' interest in stocks in the latest session .
and he was a real , a real lovable type , oh yeah .
the feeling that it - with , - someone is calling for someone else to be killed , you know .
hey thanks a lot , i 'll talk to you later .
that 's different than wrecking them . ''
earlier this year , penney abandoned another home shopping venture , telaction corp. , after investing $ 106 million in it .
it 's a , it 's a tough question .
chairman krebs says the california pension fund is getting a bargain price that wouldn ' t have been offered to others .
i 'm trying to figure out how i can retire without having to work until i 'm ninety-five .
she really did n't know how to handle herself .
well , not really .
but , you 're talking incredible tuitions now .
the increase in wage and benefit costs in the third quarter was greater than the 1 % rise reported for the third quarter of 1988 . ''
we 're both school teachers .
in one of many rosy scenarios , bear stearns 's gary schneider wrote in march that its real estate alone had a value of $ 4.5 billion .
and i would hate to have to hear any kind of case , yes .
moreover , '' it 's a lot cheaper and quicker to buy a plant than to build one . ''
t. marshall hahn jr. , georgia - pacific 's chairman and chief executive , said in an interview that all terms of the offer are negotiable .
that 's true and there really are criminals that are hard-core and , oh , absolutely .
santa fe pacific was the kind of story wall street loved .
you know , you knew you were n't going to lose your job unless you really did something horrendous .
the talks between senate majority leader george mitchell of maine and his gop counterpart , sen. robert dole of kansas , are expected to resume today .
we were oversold and today we bounced back .
especially in my line , because , you know , my supervisor has nothing to with my job , except to make sure i get my check .
canadian pacific couldn ' t be reached for comment , and macmillan bloedel said it hasn ' t any plans to make a bid for nekoosa .
bond prices fell after the chicago report was released .
so despite wall street 's rosy talk of quickly '' maximizing values , '' holders could be in for a long wait .
and i must say it was interesting .
bankamerica climbed 1 3 / 4 to 30 after painewebber boosted its investment opinion on the stock to its highest rating .
but what you do n't forget is the growing up .
an avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
democrats want to avoid having to make that choice by making the capital - gains tax cut an individual bill .
despite what some investors are suggesting , the big board isn ' t even considering a total ban on program trading or stock futures , exchange officials said .
and in anticipation of increased lending , the cap on fha loan guarantees would rise to approximately $ 73.8 billion .
you can , uh , - well you , - let 's see , it , it shelters you 're money that you pay for , for insurance .
but ltv 's move marks the first effort by a major steelmaker to counter the free fall in spot prices .
mr. phelan has been viewed by many exchange members as being indifferent to stock - price swings caused by program trades .
well , there 's two schools of thought on that .
what about if , if , um , they demanded to have spanish as the official language as a condition for statehood .
-- or something , because i 'm not that old <laughter> , <laughter> .
<laughter> actually , it 's gin two .
i do n't know what it 's about .
the year - ago results have been restated to comply with government regulations .
the joint venture , uno - ven co. , would generate total annual revenue of about $ 500 million and have 1,100 employees , a unocal spokesman said .
a report late yesterday that the chicago - area purchasing managers survey showed increased economic activity in that part of the country cut into bond - price gains .
well , actually i 'm selling computer software .
some 1,111 big board issues advanced in price and only 448 declined , while broader market averages rose sharply .
oh , that sounds really good .
same , uh , same socializing , same exact crowd that they hang with and it 's like , it 's like frozen time , <laughter> you know .
yeah , yeah we got that .
- - - a bidding war for jaguar became more likely as britain unexpectedly decided to end restrictions blocking a takeover of the luxury car maker .
the exchange also may step up its disclosure of firms engaged in program trading , these people said .
erc corp. rose 7 / 8 to 12 .
what , what do you call the dog ?
but fortunately i had small children and i did n't have to go .
uniroyal has 2,600 employees and facilities in the u.s. , canada , brazil , italy and taiwan .
this is a one - time event , '' said lawrence ross of painewebber inc. , referring to the georgia - pacific bid .
we 're trying to retire in our fifties .
the stocks have been pummeled repeatedly by inventory gluts and disappointing earnings as the industry matures and slows .
see , i look at it this way .
oh , that sounds interesting .
the company also retained attorney martin p. levin , a director of the company and former head of the times - mirror publishing group , as an adviser .
the channel reaches 6.5 million homes , a penney spokesman said .
that i still keep in touch with , uh-huh .
the stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following georgia - pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for great northern nekoosa .
-- so to speak .
the spinoff argument , after all , reverses the current notion that assets are worth more to private buyers than to public shareholders .
- - - east german leader krenz arrived in moscow for talks today with gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
-- and , uh , so a lot of times they have the , the , the , international films downtown -- oh , yeah .
i 'll remember the name .
so would i , - i fortunately , i have never been in that circumstance , i hope i never am , like , like everybody else .
um , i 'm , i 'm concerned about whether or not that causes fractiousness i guess .
the company has $ 1 billion in debt filed with the securities and exchange commission . ''
but of course if their economy is weak the - , there is not much of a base on which to tax .
and then we got that cafeteria plan , do you have that ?
it would be nice if you had full insurance coverage if you were doing job sharing .
it just turned two , i believe .
you know , i , i 'm looking at trying to get into a university job position as a a professor -- huh-uh .
mortgage - backed securities j.c. penney _ and _ co. issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
yeah , that was a sweet and i was like ugh .
at one point , almost all of the shares in the 20 - stock major market index , which mimics the industrial average , were sharply higher .
it was funny , even the sweets did .
i wanted to see it , uh , because there was , uh , much recommended , <laughter> .
it 's not , not to me personally , no .
i do n't know how many people actually pay the whole shot .
you know , you kind of choke on it -- uh-huh , uh-huh , uh-huh .
despite all the furor over program trading , program trading played a big role in yesterday 's rally .
the group has forecast 1989 revenue of 56.9 billion francs .
the company took a $ 20 million charge in the fiscal first quarter ended april 29 , related to discontinuing the service .
people familiar with nekoosa said its board isn ' t likely to meet before the week after next to respond to the bid .
i do n't know , sometimes i feel , - i mean i do go to church and things .
in over - the - counter trading , avery shares were quoted yesterday at a bid price of 93.75 cents a share .
the vote in ankara was boycotted by opposition politicians , who vowed to oust ozal .
and he 's assigned to , - okay , in order to make the , uh , curried chicken , i just fried the chicken , uh-huh .
a year ago , the tokyo company had pretax profit of 35.38 billion yen .
intelogic trace inc. said it is exploring alternatives to maximize shareholder value , including the possible sale of the company .
but later in the day , a report by the purchasing management association of chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
what the big board is considering is re - establishing a '' collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
yeah , that 's interesting .
well , anyway , i sure have enjoyed , uh , talking to you about this .
<laughter> good luck on that one , then .
well , that 's easier done in a company than it is in , uh , school teaching .
no , i do n't think it 's a monetary thing .
uh , well it will be in a little while , i 'm trying to get it , get it ready early .
in other words : the real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
we 've , we 've already got that .
well , about a year i guess .
the association said its october index of economic activity rose to 51.6 % after having been below 50 % for three consecutive months .
-- we may see more slapstick .
has affected you personally .
-- and then they do n't , and they , but they could make them better , you know -- uh-huh .
our response to the whitewash would simply be , look what happened , '' another washington official , alvin smuzynski , said in an interview .
exactly , it 's ki - , i find it kind of sad , i really do .
i 'd like to be able to , to evaluate your boss and it really carry some weight , and you get to choose your boss .
easiest way out maybe .
the fit is so good , we see this as a time of opportunity , '' he said .
- - - more big japanese investors are buying u.s. mortgage - backed securities , reversing a recent trend .
coda energy inc. said it arranged a $ 50 million credit facility with ncnb texas national bank , a unit of ncnb corp. , of charlotte , n.c. .
to your child 's education and then just when they make , made , make it to the college years it 's , - yeah , yeah .
well my dog 's an outdoor type , she does not like to be indoors .
commercial gene - splicing was born .
let 's see what else can we do ?
uh-huh , well that 's , that 's supposed to be , um , the trend of the future , yeah .
for all of 1988 , bouygues had consolidated profit of 519 million francs , after payments to minority interests , on revenue of 50 billion francs .
treasury securities treasury prices ended mixed in light trading .
- - - miniscribe reported a negative net worth and hinted it may file for chapter 11 .
well , not only just health insurance , i mean for the whole benefit of the company .
-- because it , it had some , some meaning to me or something .
- yeah , okay , well , thank you very much .
-- and they have to shake it off -- yeah .
despite the criticism , philip morris 's corporate campaign runs little risk of getting yanked off the tube . ''
so , it 's a little bit more humane , i guess , it is , - yes , it would almost have to be , i suppose .
federal examiner alex barabolak said lincoln 's operations amounted to '' pyramiding debt to provide a luxurious life style for its owners . ''
is really kind of bad <child> .
i do n't know how we 'd ever find out , you know , really whether it is or not .
but the firm also tracks smaller technology companies as a subset of the larger group .
-- uh , we came back with sweets .
and maybe some , she 'd have chicken or something .
uh , she 'd rather sle - , sleep outside on the , the cold ground at night .
the otc technology sector is far from a cohesive unit .
but , uh , definitely not an apartment type animal so he , uh , he had to stay home .
all right , thank you , bye-bye .
indeed , mr. phelan said that if stock - market volatility persists , the u.s. may lose its edge as being the best place to raise capital . ''
sales in north america and the far east were inflated by acquisitions , rising 62 % to # 278 million .
i said good luck on that one , then .
yeah , i have a , uh , well a mutt , myself .
the legislation also includes a lower '' training wage '' for new workers who are teen - agers .
short - term rates also were mixed .
georgia - pacific closed down $ 2.50 , at $ 50.875 in big board trading .
the dow jones industrial average climbed 41.60 to 2645.08 even though some late selling caused the market to retreat from session highs .
that 's pretty funny .
the securities were priced at 99.1875 to yield about 9.19 % .
stateswest , which has a 7.25 % stake in mesa , said it may purchase more mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to mesa shareholders .
and you wonder why they ca n't just stop it .
a company spokesman declined to estimate the impact of the closures on earnings .
the nasdaq bank index rose 0.17 to 432.78 .
advancing issues on the big board surged ahead of decliners 1,111 to 448 .
the company put up '' virtually all '' of its oil and gas properties as collateral , he said .
oh , it 's still just a pup .
when you first took a bite of them you did n't notice it but then after a couple of minutes you could taste it .
we could prohibit people from being hired that are historically going to cost the company money .
bond prices staggered in seesaw trading , rising on reports of economic weakness and falling on reports of economic strength .
but if you pay out less , then you lose that money .
british government bonds were little changed as investors awaited an address on economic policy by john major , the new chancellor of the exchequer .
well , - yeah .
so , it 's , it 's really kind of crazy .
did you go with kids ?
he said 30 % of the loans he sampled were '' dead meat on the day they were made . ''
but it was n't too long until she , uh , found out she could wait until i let her out in the morning .
commodities : dow jones futures index 129.63 , up 0.25 ; spot index 129.84 , off 0.25 .
- - - craig torres contributed to this article .
um , i do n't know whether state woul - , statehood would improve their economy .
brooks brothers , which marks bought last year , saw operating profit drop in half to # 5 million .
william carmichael , beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in september prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary . ''
i heard of it .
but , uh , i 've been cut off twice .
and why should holders expect to realize that presumed '' worth ? ''
-- but , uh , so this , uh , french i guess are into the slapsti - , i guess they would like jerry lewis , too .
right , and then if you like it really hot , you can add some hot , hot peppers and hot sauce and all that kind of stuff .
since the real estate unit also includes debt , the imputed value of the real estate itself is close to $ 3 billion . ''
oh , that sounds good .
the restructuring program is designed to increase the company 's tangible capital ratio .
aside from the takeover news , big buy orders were placed for blue - chip shares in afternoon trading .
-- not my degree , which is i think kind of bizarre .
in the state , do you ?
shaw industries , which agreed to acquire armstrong world industries ` carpet operations for an undisclosed price , rose 2 1 / 4 to 26 1 / 8 .
i 'd hate to decide it , but i guess , uh , guess it 's important , right .
j.c. penney co. is extending its involvement in a televised home - shopping service by five to 10 years .
it 's a tough , tough question .
his comments were interpreted as a sign that higher interest rates are possible .
you know , they give you an opportunity to either transfer into an on going , on going project .
much of the instability in stock prices lately has been blamed on arbitrage trading , designed to profit from differences in prices between stocks and index futures . ''
the volatility of smaller technology companies has served the group well overall in recent stock trading , according to hambrecht _ and _ quist 's technology stock indexes .
well randy , we 've just about used up our time here , okay .
a lot of times when we do stir fry we just put in tofu , we do n't put in meat , uh-huh .
yeah , there must be texas people , as near as i can tell .
well i think we have gone to time and i appreciate your having called .
later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .
microsoft added 2 1 / 8 to 81 3 / 4 and oracle systems rose 1 1 / 2 to 23 1 / 4 .
uh , and i cook a little bit now .
uh-huh , uh-huh , uh-huh .
a lot of people would like to go back to 1970 , '' before program trading , he said . ''
other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the transportation index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the utility index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
the technology group includes many of the otc market 's biggest stocks , which dominate the market - weighted nasdaq composite index .
there was about seven kids ranging from about , uh , three years to ten years running around the house all at one time , oh , uh-huh .
the dollar and bond prices also closed higher .
that sounds real good except the squash , i just do n't like squash .
the combined company would have had 1988 sales of $ 13.1 billion .
an advisory committee of the food and drug administration recommended that the agency approve eminase , the company 's heart drug .
-- well , actually falls church , virginia , outside the city -- uh-huh .
it won ' t be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
a poodle , miniature or , uh , full size ?
<laughter> yeah , i , i , i , i feel that way when movies are like blown up , out of proportion , you know -- yeah .
that indicates speculators are betting a higher offer is in the wings .
repeat , and never have any chance for , - tha - , that 's right .
- - - southern 's gulf power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
so , i was going to go out and see what they were doing .
nearly 6.3 million shares , or about 11.5 % of the company 's shares outstanding , changed hands in big board composite trading .
they aren ' t showing james madison taking a puff or lighting up , '' says laurence tribe , a professor of constitutional law at harvard university . ''
analysts say rallies in the group historically have lifted the market , while weakness in the sector often sank unlisted share prices broadly .
the nasdaq 100 rose 7.08 to 445.23 .
it has about 12.3 million shares outstanding .
meanwhile , another big wall street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
anyway , well , you have a good day .
the fasteners , nuts and bolts , are sold to the north american auto market .
the company said its junk - bond portfolio after these moves had been reduced to less than 1 % of assets .
but analysts say the company is also trying to prevent further price drops .
then you , uh , pour that in there , you know , to make the gravy .
however , stateswest isn ' t abandoning its pursuit of the much - larger mesa .
i was actually , i th - , i was thinking -rsb- of trying to get a job there <breathing> .
-lrb- the commercial features , among others , the voice of martin luther king jr. , the slain civil rights leader . -rrb-
if you , if you had to chose , i guess i would , i am sure i would take the lethal injection .
no , i 'm in california .
terms call for first security to issue about 0.55 share of its stock for each deseret share held , or a total of about 550,000 first security shares .
japan 's markets are more stable , '' he said . ''
the company didn ' t specify reasons for the strong earnings gain .
the debt was reoffered priced to yield from 6 % in 1991 to 7.15 % in 2008 - 2009 .
uh , that i , i think that would be a negative step to make and i think that that they would need to reassess that .
consolidation has been long overdue .
and right from day one , she was teaching me .
-- and i usually come away thinking , no i really do n't like this show <laughter> .
ogden projects , whose shares began trading on the new york stock exchange in august , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
-- and how it fits with the character , right .
both companies are in the process of negotiating contracts with ltv and others . ''
- in some places they do n't .
when boyer met robert swanson , an m.i.t. - trained chemist - turned - entrepreneur in 1976 , they saw dollar signs .
the exchange should take a pro - active position . ''
monday , mci announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank stuart - james .
i wish they could go on and pay for all of our coverage , at some point .
but he said this doesn ' t mean he is satisfied with the market 's big swings . ''
oh , it 's probably what the first guy who did it , called it .
so what is santa fe worth ?
i 'm hopeful that we 'll have further discussions , '' mr. hahn said .
desoto inc. said it is dismissing 200 employees as part of a restructuring aimed at producing pretax savings of $ 10 million annually .
the company '' can ' t be bullish if they 're doing a sizable 30 - year bullet , '' said one analyst .
it was just the culture of the industry that kept it from happening .
yes , it certainly does .
oh , well , uh , is it , uh , uh , - how old is the dog ?
it is a fi - , fixed female , by the way , yeah .
georgia - pacific 's mr. hahn said that a combined operation would allow savings in many ways .
if you can do that and at the same time send a message that supports your business , that 's brilliant . ''
well they do n't .
to avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next wednesday , according to the treasury .
the implied current net asset value of 22.70 -lcb- per share -rcb- is well below the 30 level that the street believed , '' painewebber says . ''
nekoosa ranked 11 th with sales of $ 3.59 billion .
yeah , kind of hard that way .
but , you know , you , you get specialized education now , for instance , take computer science .
mesa flies to 42 cities in new mexico , arizona , wyoming , colorado and texas .
it 's just that , i did n't , - i hate having to be in charge of someone else 's life .
there 's , there 's a lot of , you know , last minute , uh , <sniffing> things that happen cause a person not to , uh-huh .
orkem said it eventually would seek to make a public share offering in its u.k. business .
treasury bonds got off to a strong start , advancing modestly during overnight trading on foreign markets . ''
american express co. 's shearson lehman hutton inc. unit said it ceased all index - arbitrage program trading for client accounts .
-- you know , all the comedies are more like jokes and , you know , gags and stuff like that -- uh-huh , uh-huh .
the technology sector of the dow jones equity market index has risen only about 6.24 % this year , while the nasdaq composite index has gained 18.35 % .
sort of half student , half working and source of income and stuff , so i 'm actually managing to do this with zero debt .
so , i do n't know how the u. s. would cope with , uh , a new state that is so very , very poor .
norman gray , norman gear .
as part of the agreement , cilcorp said it will pay hunter $ 4 million in exchange for agreements not to compete .
gasb rules still apply for other government units .
-- i got about eight years of education ahead of me before i can do that -- um .
the big questions are whether the increase , effective jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick , and whether other major steelmakers will follow suit .
-- it was , um , that was the last one i saw downtown , but i live in d c -- uh-huh .
-- they 'll knock each others blocks off , yeah , it was all bloodless -- uh-huh .
gene - splicing now is an integral part of the drug business .
i said , i wonder why .
but increasing volatility in the sector has exhausted investors who try to follow its dips and swings .
- so you work for it t i then <music> .
yeah , yeah , yeah , i had , uh , a similar , uh , experience .
we 'll do , a lot of times vegetarian .
but she 's big enough to be intimidating , most definitely .
it should be treated like the medellin -lcb- drug -rcb- mafia , not the founding fathers . ''
yesterday 's major economic news - - a 0.2 % rise in the september index of leading economic indicators - - had little impact on financial markets .
we simply don ' t agree with that or the findings of their investigation . ''
nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
one person familiar with georgia - pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
stir it real , real well .
<breathing> thank you <laughter> .
<laughter> well that was a real farm .
if the company folds , i got to go find a job .
well , so you get to evaluate him though ?
ltv 's planned increase , which was announced in an oct. 26 memo to district managers , doesn ' t affect electrogalvanized steel or tin plate .
oh that 's , + it 's , it 's a pretty big - and we put that over rice .
orkem , france 's third - largest chemical group , said it would fund the acquisition through internal resources .
how are you doing ?
- - - hungary 's parliament voted to hold a national referendum on an election to fill the new post of president .
this may seem to be the best way out .
oh , that 's right , i think now , that i recall , reading about it in the paper .
georgia - pacific owns 349,900 nekoosa shares and would need federal antitrust clearance to buy more than $ 15 million worth .
indeed , a number of analysts said that japanese paper companies are hungry to acquire additional manufacturing capacity anywhere in the world .
municipal issues municipal bonds were little changed to 1 / 2 point higher in late dealings . ''
bush and gorbachev will hold two days of informal talks next month .
<laughter> yeah , definitely .
ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise . ''
it 's almost impossible .
but value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
i have a , a thirty foot cable , okay .
when u.s. trading began , treasury bonds received an additional boost from news that sales of new single - family homes fell 14 % in september .
it rose 4.8 % for the 12 months ended in june and 4.7 % in the 12 months ended in september 1988 .
these include trying to protect its print advertising by invoking the first amendment , and wooing blacks by portraying itself as a protector of civil rights .
that was another reason the street loved santa fe .
so you see people who are severely injured , very , very badly , lose control of body functions -- uh-huh .
a shiny new takeover deal sparked a big rally in stock prices , which buoyed the dollar .
you 're right , uh-huh , yeah , it 's true .
intelogic holds 27.5 % of datapoint 's common shares outstanding .
but , uh , you know , that 's , it 's a matter of exposure really .
it 's , uh , part chow and part shepherd and it , - as i understand it , uh , both sides of the , were thoroughbreds .
changes , - i 'll tell you what we could do .
well , i am new to texas , so i do n't even know what the law is , uh-huh ?
just like constantly , it seemed like , uh-huh .
i suppose the whole country , or the whole , um , new state would require such aid .
the remaining $ 40 million can be used over three years for oil and gas acquisitions , the company said .
it is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
unocal corp. , los angeles , said it and petroleos de venezuela s.a. would create a petroleum marketing and refining general partnership in the midwest .
both plans would drop child - care provisions from the house version of the deficit - reduction legislation and let it progress as a separate bill .
the los angeles thrift holding company said it had a loss of $ 92.2 million , or $ 6.98 a share , for the quarter ended sept. 30 .
great northern 's stock soared $ 20.125 , to $ 62.875 , on speculation that a higher bid would emerge .
british sterling eased to $ 1.5775 from $ 1.5825 .
japan 's benchmark no. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ` screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
imperial holly fell 1 5 / 8 to 27 1 / 8 in the wake of its third - quarter earnings report .
- it is , it 's a tough subject , it really is .
yes , so have we been very , very fortunate .
assuming final enactment this month , the prohibition will take effect 96 days later , or in early february .
moreover , production runs would be longer , cutting inefficiencies from adjusting machinery between production cycles .
a reading below 50 % indicates that the manufacturing industry is slowing while a reading above 50 % suggests that the industry is expanding .
net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
ogden gained 1 1 / 4 to 32 7 / 8 .
all they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the bill of rights itself . ''
georgia - pacific corp. 's unsolicited $ 3.19 billion bid for great northern nekoosa corp. was hailed by wall street despite a cool reception by the target company .
the announcement effectively removes the british government as an impediment to a takeover of the company , which is being stalked by general motors and ford .
well , see , we 've got a little bit of it , but not much .
but still i would hate to be on the jury that sentenced someone .
but as drexel analyst linda dunn notes , its properties will be developed over 15 to 20 years .
what , i could n't hear you ?
bond prices also edged higher .
oh , what a shame .
in october 1979 , just days before the federal reserve raised interest rates , ibm offered $ 1 billion in debt securities .
mr. phelan is an adroit diplomat who normally appears to be solidly in control of the big board 's factions .
the smoking prohibition remains attached to a $ 27.1 billion transportation bill that must still overcome budget obstacles in congress .
several projects , he said , are still on the drawing board .
her recent report classifies the stock as a '' hold . ''
and that 's going to , it 's going to be really good <laughter> .
that was when the exchange took a new tack by publishing monthly statistics listing the top 15 program trading firms .
on a fully diluted basis , the two raised their stake to 68 % from 51 % .
yesterday , it received a $ 15 million , three - year contract from drexel burnham lambert .
yeah , those , are good points , um , which obviously i had never thought about .
but , the two are mutually exclusive .
how does that , uh , - how do you feel that is for someone at , at that phase in their life ?
it didn ' t work . ''
i was very surprised that did do a slapstick movie , because that 's , uh , not really the way comedies are right now -- uh-huh .
-- and then there was a big climactic fight scene , and they did n't remember that , <laughter> .
same patterns of behavior , yeah , yeah .
but such a combination also presents great risks .
you know , do a little bit better research on who gets hired -- uh-huh .
red meat and a potato .
and then you , uh , mix flour and a cup of water , maybe , uh , one tablespoon of flour and a cup of water .
no , nor - , normally they just come in and they say you 've overextended your , your conversation .
the boost in rates sent ibm 's bonds tumbling , leaving underwriters with millions of dollars of losses and triggering a sell - off in the overall market .
running from one stake to another , and then attached to that is a , uh , twelve foot leash , okay .
i mean people who do n't go to college become adults in other ways .
see , never , no vegetables in my family .
and i 've also had tenured professors that were the best things on two legs .
microsoft is up more than 50 % this year , while intel is up more than 40 % .
the dow jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
labor costs are climbing at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry than in other industries .
i did peace corps training there .
in over - the - counter national trading , bowater inc. jumped $ 1.50 to $ 27.50 .
dow jones industrials 2645.08 , up 41.60 ; transportation 1205.01 , up 13.15 ; utilities 219.19 , up 2.45 .
and i 'd be quite happy to see a national law in which every student was required to learn english and a second language .
one would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
senate democrats are to meet today to consider the gop proposal .
late in london , the dollar was quoted at 1.8410 west german marks and 142.70 japanese yen , up from late monday in new york .
i think if you -lcb- can -rcb- speed things up , you can slow them down , '' mr. phelan said . ''
uh , other people , - it , uh , it 's , uh , suffocating , uh-huh .
added mark rogers of prudential - bache securities inc. : '' it 's much easier to be second . ''
mci communications added 1 1 / 2 to 43 3 / 8 .
uh , there , - i do n't know , i do n't even understand exactly how taxes are handled in a territorial situation .
u.s. clearance also is needed for the proposed acquisition .
oh , i would have liked to have a kid with me , i think , preferably someone seven or eight -- oh .
cilcorp inc. , peoria , ill. , said it agreed to acquire the environmental consulting and analytical service businesses of hunter environmental services inc. of southport , conn. .
revenue soared to $ 101.7 million from $ 39.5 million .
the two leaders are expected to discuss changes sweeping the east bloc as well as human - rights issues , regional disputes and economic cooperation .
some even claim the group has become a lagging , not leading , indicator .
oh , i see .
they shredded it simply because it contained financial information about their creditors and depositors . ''
yes , you do .
thank you , bye-bye .
-- that , uh , that was memorable somehow , i do n't know what it was .
-- and it seems to me they could have been a lot more creative stuff used .
simon _ and _ schuster retains the corporation law looseleaf service , which will become part of its prentice hall law _ and _ business unit .
he 's a laborer .
sales amounted to 1.011 trillion yen , climbing 29 % from 787.02 billion yen .
it said the venture , expected to take control of the facilities dec. 1 , would also serve another 3,300 independent unocal gasoline stations .
while computer stocks have taken the biggest hit from the slowdown in the industry , many software and semiconductor stocks have continued to outperform the market .
corporate issues two junk bond issues were priced yesterday , including a scaled - backed offering by beatrice co. .
oh , okay , the first person i 've talked to outside of texas .
that did n't go to college and they do the same old things they did in high school and , the same patterns of behavior , you mean ?
so she can cover quite an area .
avery inc. said it completed the sale of uniroyal chemical holding co. to a group led by management of uniroyal chemical co. , the unit 's main business .
willamette industries , whose stock has suffered steep losses in recent sessions , surged 1 1 / 2 to 49 .
florida national banks of fla. slid 1 1 / 8 to 24 3 / 4 .
yeah , yeah , it really was .
priam corp. lost 5 / 32 to 3 / 32 after filing for protection from its creditors under chapter 11 of the federal bankruptcy code .
the giant computer maker is slated to offer $ 500 million of 30 - year non - callable debentures through underwriters led by salomon brothers inc. .
and it was n't very good .
and it 's not that , i mean , i think everyone should have to serve on the jury , uh-huh .
` we observed at least two large plastic bags of shredded paper loaded into this truck . ''
international business machines corp. was given a $ 31.2 million air force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
you would n't believe it , we even raised chickens <laughter> .
freddie mac 's 9 1 / 2 % issue was quoted at 99 20 / 32 , up 3 / 32 from monday .
he said he is '' very surprised '' by the furor over program trading and the exchange 's role in it that has raged in recent days .
stock prices rallied as the georgia - pacific bid broke the market 's recent gloom .
but at a time when the white house wants to kill the entire program , republicans have been among its leading champions .
marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
my god , i ca n't imagine .
unless the federal reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
in fact , ltv was the first steelmaker to publicly boost discounts for buyers of cold rolled sheet steel and hot - dipped galvanized sheet steel .
-- but it just , - i mean , i do n't know if this is old fart talking here -- no , it could be .
frankly , it was like he worked for the lincoln public - relations department , '' mr. stelzer testified .
and how they would expect , + uh-huh .
- - - markets - - - stocks : volume 176,100,000 shares .
yeah , taxes would undoubtedly be occurring .
he isn ' t convinced , though , that the price decline reflects falling demand because the world economy remains relatively strong .
new two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
yeah , well have we done our ten minutes .
you know , go on and pay a lump sum and as long as you pay that amount you 're okay .
oh , that 's good .
the three existing plants and their land will be sold .
has n't had any crime .
now i do n't know , what they do in place of it .
what is your situation ?
some analysts argued that there won ' t be a flurry of takeovers because the industry 's continuing capacity - expansion program is eating up available cash .
one of the , the neighbor has an alarm on a car and it 's going off .
it sure smells like it , '' he said .
oh , i do n't know , is it , - do you feel at all like , it 's a religious issue ?
maybe we 'll get together again in the future .
but then again each state sets its own and i do n't know how a territorial governor takes care of something like puerto rico .
we 've always got , uh , got a nose and tongue pressed up against the window when we come walking up to the front door .
my , my wife eats more vegetables , ate more vegetable than i did growing up .
-- but , i , uh , i 'm truly enough , you know , i 'm truly an intellectual snob , <laughter> .
coast earned $ 10.2 million , or 67 cents a share , in the year - ago quarter .
we did n't bring all the healthy food back too .
and they put the head under a tin tub and chop the head off .
what kind of wok do you have , is it , is it a real chinese wok .
the program trading situation seems to have driven individual investors as well as others out of the market , and even europeans are suspicious .
the condition , known as paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia , leads to dizziness and fainting .
at the same time , steelmakers are trying to invest more to modernize technology and make themselves more competitive .
some analysts remain bullish .
the offering is backed by freddie mac 's 10 % issue with a weighted average term to maturity of 29.583 months .
in composite new york stock exchange trading yesterday , ltv common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .
for now , however , mr. phelan said : '' i refuse to get out there and tell everybody everything is hunky - dory .
philip morris hopes that by taking its bill of rights theme to the airwaves , in addition to publications , it will reach the broadest possible audience .
that 's what happened yesterday .
that means goods could be manufactured closer to customers , saving shipping costs , he said .
i think that would be a , - huh-uh .
but we just went shopping and we came back with , uh , with , uh , sweets , you know , chocolate covered peanuts and -- ugh .
but , really , it 's the entry into adulthood , i think .
if the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
have to go through the whole thing .
the discount rate on six - month treasury bills fell slightly to 7.60 % for a bond - equivalent yield of 7.99 % .
<< pause >> you ca n't say ?
many of nasdaq 's biggest technology stocks were in the forefront of the rally .
the nasdaq composite index surged 4.26 , or about 0.94 % , to 455.63 .
the exchange has a board meeting scheduled for tomorrow , and it is expected that some public announcement could be made after that .
i guess it was , - is this dinner time for you ?
mr. bickwit said the paper had been donated to '' a charitable organization that sells it for recycling .
volume totaled 11,820,000 shares .
okay , we 're rolling .
well , thank you , it 's nice talking to you .
trading was moderate , with 176,100,000 shares changing hands on the new york stock exchange .
shearson , with its in - house order execution system , has handled the bulk of such program trades in the over - the - counter market .
shearson lehman hutton gave small investors some welcome news by announcing that it would no longer handle index - arbitrage - related program trades for its accounts .
republicans , meanwhile , want to try to protect the measure by combining it with two politically popular issues that democrats could find hard to block .
the drug , called adenocard , returns the heart to a normal rhythm within seconds , according to lyphomed .
and teaching , well uh , shared , job sharing , we 've , + more of that .
nekoosa is incorporated in maine .
major steel producers are selling cold rolled sheet steel at about $ 370 a ton , compared with a peak price of $ 520 a ton in 1988 .
you know , and uh , that , that is something that i think needs to be expanded on , specially in the large market place .
yeah , it was really funny .
oh , that 's , that 's neat .
but , i can see how it would be a a real benefit .
uh-huh , yeah , that , that 's true .
a lot of them had to have el - , elected not to do so .
and corn starch and soy sauce and that sort of makes a , uh , a glaze , uh-huh .
luther burbank cross - bred plants to produce the billion - dollar idaho potato .
advancing otc stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
sure , it 's , it 's a big responsibility , it really is .
the yield on the issue slipped to 7.91 % .
well that 's great .
the issue 's smooth absorption eased fears that supply would overwhelm demand in coming sessions , traders said .
swampers is a guy , who 's in the union .
are you calling from texas , by the way ?
it was a housewife and she was home with two kids .
the takeover would be followed by a restructuring of orkem 's u.k. unit , including the addition of related orkem businesses and possibly further acquisitions .
so , you , you 've only known the dog , wh - , how long did you say .
maybe it just depends on , you know , how closely the crime , you know , uh-huh .
they could go visit them during the day .
maybe one tablespoon or two tablespoons , let that brown , then put all of the chicken back in there .
and canada , i guess , comes to my mind as they 're going through the throes up there relative to french quebec and whatever .
first boston is one of the few major wall street firms that haven ' t pulled back from program trading in recent days .
in late afternoon new york trading , the dollar was at 1.8415 marks and 142.85 yen compared with 1.8340 marks and 141.90 yen late monday .
the trip from the test tube was not without snags .
directed technologies received a $ 28.3 million defense advanced research projects agency contract for advanced propulsion systems research .
his -lcb- phelan 's -rcb- own interests are in building an electronic marketplace , '' said a market maker .
you know , those old movies seemed to have had something -- uh-huh .
but i , you know , - we have been really fortunate our family , yes .
i was worried -- yeah , is n't it amazing .
there were no -lcb- sell -rcb- lists and the calendar is lightening up a bit .
but , uh , i do make her come in .
it 's kind of been scary , yes .
something like that , i think we 're , - i do n't know , do we get a signal .
yeah , but i 'm rather in favor of people being bilingual , right .
but like you say , if it hit you personally , uh-huh .
uh , i could n't , you could n't do it otherwise .
well , we keep a shelter , also monies that we 're going to pay in for child care too .
-- that you never thought of -- right .
japanese government bonds showed little change .
i said , thank you .
that 's a , it 's a tough , tough question , it really is .
how , about how big then ?
he said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
but some anti - smoking activists disagree , expressing anger at what they see as the company 's attempt to purchase innocence by association . ''
you know , it had that , that after taste that , - very , it was a very indian flavor .
but the move lagged a stronger rise in new york stock exchange issues .
because i know they do frequently , - i mean they cover , cover it pretty heavily on television and the newspaper .
well , um , and i notice that the crime rate was up in the dallas area <throat_clearing> .
but then , for the , the family , you know , i put my kids on my policy .
the market 's tone improved after monday 's pricing of $ 813 million new york city general obligation bonds .
it 's like two hundred dollars -- huh-uh .
which is , uh , on sort of a run .
you know , if i do n't make a sale , i do n't make anything <laughter> .
uh , i , - even as a somebody making twice what i was making , how could you put half of that into , + uh-huh .
the index rose 1.1 % in the second quarter .
for nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
- it makes you more at ease .
no , i 'm not with you so far , oh , shoot , i 'm going to hit myself after i hang up .
dollar : 142.85 yen , up 0.95 ; 1.8415 marks , up 0.0075 .
loral corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million air force contract for a f - 15 weapons system trainer .
-- and that 's what i find lacking in a lot of , you know , like home alone .
the latest 10 - year notes were unchanged at 100 16 / 32 to yield 7.904 % .
the acceptances give orkem a controlling 53.2 % stake in the company .
but , it 's just that their jobs are useless .
<beep> yes , i saw home alone with some friends just a couple days ago .
that would be really awful .
after fees and repayment of debt , avery is left with about $ 24 million in cash and securities from the uniroyal sale .
paramount communications inc. said it sold two simon _ and _ schuster information services units to macmillan inc. , a subsidiary of maxwell communication corp. .
and we 've , you know , done away with our , quote , fair share number .
it is with a lot of other people .
leaning towards the statehood .
southern air transport inc. won $ 47.5 million in air force and navy contracts for transportation services .
unlike most economic indicators , none of these figures are adjusted for seasonal variations .
we have a major problem , and that problem is volatility . ''
they 're just there .
- - - the big board is considering reviving a curb on program trading when the market is volatile .
i run the whole show .
before that , it was , uh , death by electrocution .
since the value of its assets wasn ' t known , analysts were free to pick a number .
labor costs continued to rise more rapidly in service industries than in goods - producing industries , the report showed .
i do n't know how i would feel about it .
well , i guess it was a , uh , a very successful movie financially , so -- uh-huh .
i 'm , i 'm from pittsburgh and pittsburgh is a very meat and potato town .
for private - sector union workers , the cost of wages and benefits rose 0.9 % in the third quarter .
bush said that neither he nor gorbachev expected any '' substantial decisions or agreements . ''
especially to come home and , you know , i would have gotten in trouble the next day , i 'm sure .
so , maybe you would , - uh-huh .
the company is trying to fend off a hostile bid by two european shipping firms .
mr. phelan said that his predicting continued volatility is just '' how the world is .
gen - probe was another active takeover stock .
and with the company 's recent announcement that it is contemplating a partial sale of its real estate , the values suddenly look poorer .
and , so we do n't , - it 's harder to think about the poor people that have suffered that way .
remic mortgage securities was launched by a morgan stanley group .
and what 's your job now ?
bioengineers set out to duplicate that feat - - scientifically and commercially - - with new life forms .
yesterday , bank stocks lagged behind the overall otc market .
that nets out to about $ 17 a share for the company on a private market basis .
that still does it , that 's right .
i 've live abro - , abroad most of my life , so , i guess i , i 've been very cut off .
health - insurance costs soared .
a simultaneous announcement was made in moscow .
-- and it 's gone up quite a bit and they predict , you know , of course , it 's going to keep going up .
however , in that case , i guess i would favor status quo .
well , i 'd encourage it .
national market system volume improved to 94,425,000 shares from 71.7 million monday .
in major market activity : stock prices rallied in active trading .
while volatility won ' t go away , he said , '' volatility is greater than program trading .
but , uh , next morning , she let me know in no uncertain terms that she wanted to use the bathroom .
mr. carmichael said investors also demanded stricter convenants .
oh , well this is my first one .
and , that , - yeah , the s - , - it 's the same .
meanwhile , new - home sales plunged 14 % in the month .
ogden projects inc. said net income jumped to $ 6.6 million , or 18 cents a share , in the third quarter .
yeah , they leave , they leave some songs with you , i do n't know what it is -- uh-huh .
i 'm doing fine .
um , you know , different things , - is it restricted to certain crimes ?
the chamber also sent to bush a nearly $ 67 billion fiscal 1990 measure that includes the first construction funds for a space station .
international paper and weyerhaeuser declined to comment .
i would be bothered by that .
the dollar drew strength from the stock market 's climb .
prudential - bache 's mr. rodgers said he doesn ' t see the industry 's capacity - expansion program hindering takeover activity .
the financial index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
oh it is , it 's a candy , i 'm like ugh , you know , indian candy is not very good .
but i 'm , i 'm disturbed by a country that attempts to be functionally bilingual at the official level .
a spokesman for democratic sen. pell of rhode island said , however , that the immigration and naturalization service would review the stowaway 's request .
he called the sour loans '' appalling '' and added , '' you opened the file up and it just jumped at you . ''
so i 'm ul - , i guess i 'm ultimately in favor of status quo also at this point , well that 's interesting .
the french movies that .
depending on how far down you go , it may be difficult to pay off that debt . ''
at 12 : 01 a. m. est today , the federal government 's temporary $ 2.87 trillion debt limit expired .
second - tier companies are receiving even less per ton .
west german bonds firmed a bit after monday 's fall , but traders said the market remains bearish due to speculation that interest rates could rise again .
oh , you do n't <laughter> .
um , it was , it was , you know , very lovely and , and the people seemed very friendly and , and nice .
and i 'd just be , - yeah , see , we never , in fact i never had squash growing up .
propper international inc. got a $ 22.8 million defense logistics agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
the big board 's composite index was up more than 1.4 % , and the dow jones industrial average jumped 1.6 % .
investors were quick to spot other potential takeover candidates , all of which have strong cash flows and low - cost operations .
uh-huh , and you said this was your fi - , - well you 'll , you 'll get a couple more probably .
stock prices surged as a multibillion - dollar takeover proposal helped restore market players ` confidence about the prospects for further deal - making .
general dynamics corp. was given an $ 843 million air force contract for f - 16 aircraft and related equipment .
uh , the dog i had when i moved to dallas about five years ago was a , uh , springer spaniel , black lab cross .
the disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
it can benefit different people different ways .
but we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
that 's , that 's fairly recent , i do n't know , how recent , but fairly recent , in the state of texas .
yes , a lot of them do get their sentences commuted to something else .
<laughter> yes , the other one just seems so terrible .
others said ibm might increase the size of the offering to as much as $ 1 billion if investor demand is strong .
federal officials seized the association in april , a day after the parent corporation entered bankruptcy - law proceedings .
and benefits , you know , - i 'd like to see child care paid for or on-site child care sometime .
cilcorp said the businesses to be acquired had revenue of $ 76 million for the year ended march 31 .
no , but i , i 've , i 've heard stories uh , i 've heard stories .
the district of columbia people , for instance are quite frustrated , i think , at times in their not having a senate representative .
okay , well , i 'm from the .
computers have made trading more rapid , but that can be fixed with some fine - tuning . ''
-- and my father works in films and such , - and i tend to , tend to be hypercritical -- uh-huh .
on the pricing front , an 11 - class issue of $ 500 million federal home loan mortgage corp. .
the company said the fastener business '' has been under severe cost pressures for some time . ''
petroleos will supply 135,000 barrels of oil a day for the refinery , unocal said .
i , i grew up on a farm so i always had , uh , outdoor pets and , uh-huh .
but it appears to be the sort of hold one makes while heading for the door .
she 's definitely ready to get out and run around .
i call it a , uh , uh , chowperd .
um , i do n't think there is any prohibitions .
state thrift examiner eugene stelzer said he found the chief federal examiner steve scott to be totally uninterested in one allegedly fraudulent series of transactions . ''
the acquisition brings together the two largest competitors to home shopping network inc. , which now reaches more viewers than any other company in the video shopping industry .
to think about it and , + absolutely .
the buyers , these analysts added , could be either foreign or other u.s. concerns . ''
michael rosen , president of shop television , said penney decided to extend its involvement with the service for at least five years .
well that 's good .
coast savings financial inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
prices of other paper makers rose sharply , although georgia - pacific fell $ 2.50 a share , to $ 50.875 .
medco research developed the drug and licensed it to lyphomed for sale in the u.s. and canada .
among the subsidies continued in the transportation bill is $ 30.7 million to maintain commercial air service for an estimated 92 communities , often in rural areas .
<laughter> my mother used to cook a whole pan full of squash and she 'd have squash and corn bread <laughter> .
sales increased 11 % to # 2.5 billion from # 2.25 billion , while operating profit climbed 13 % to # 225.7 million from # 199.8 million .
that we decide as a people what , what we 're going to do .
that sounds real good .
and you 're hoping there is something that will cut down on that .
all done in advance , yeah .
you ever seen anybody kill a chicken ?
qvc agreed to pay $ 19 and one - eighth qvc share for each of cvn 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
the companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
the consumer price index climbed 4.3 % in the same period .
this is a sweet .
what did you get your degree at ?
the stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
-- and , uh , they 're looking for twenty-two thousand dollars for tuition and room and board now .
of course the ones i always remember are the , the older ones -- uh-huh .
we are looking for representation we haven ' t had , '' a specialist said . ''
in 1953 , james watson and his colleagues unlocked the double helix of dna -lrb- deoxyribonucleic acid -rrb- , the genetic key to heredity .
-- there 's not as much slapstick anymore .
but it isn ' t clear why that should be so .
well , frankly , i think school teachers ought to get about ten times what they 're getting paid .
i do n't like that part , but you do n't have to do that option if you do n't want to .
but there 's not very many people that actually , um .
some predicted that nekoosa will end up being owned by a japanese company .
traders said the buy programs came from very large institutional accounts that were also active in the stock - index futures markets .
-- maybe a graduate pretty good overall students out of there .
i have been to puerto rico and , and found it very , very interesting .
on the other hand , mr. jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
-- kind of thing .
and i have not discovered yet where the , the line is between children and adults .
mr. edelman said the decision '' has nothing to do with marty ackerman . ''
-- uh , it , it depends on the person , + uh-huh .
i 'm , uh , just editing a spreadsheet right now .
cilcorp will also assume $ 22 million of hunter 's existing debt .
do you think most states have that or ?
a slowing economy and its effect on corporate earnings is the foremost concern of many traders and analysts .
first security corp. said it tentatively agreed to acquire deseret bancorp. for stock valued at about $ 18 million .
separately , the national science foundation is promised a 7.7 % increase to bring its appropriations to $ 2.07 billion .
mr. marcus believes spot steel prices will continue to fall through early 1990 and then reverse themselves .
-- and became purely a caricature -- right .
but , they caution , conservative investors would do well to sell into the strength . ''
we 've been doing that too <laughter> .
although i 'm aware of the political problems and unrest , and , and also difficulties they have .
but it may lead to separate financial reports based on different rules for the government entities under fasb rules and those still under gasb rules . ''
if they think well of the company through our support of the bill of rights , it follows they 'll think well of our products . ''
yeah , in high school everyone sort of tries to have the same opinion <laughter> it seems .
the two companies each produce market pulp , containerboard and white paper .
i guess , if i had to say yes or no , i would say , you know , yes .
-- it 's like golly , if kids start imitating that -- yeah .
and so , obviously it did n't work in california .
but , uh , the cut back .
for the 12 months ended in september , this index was up 5.1 % .
a new minimum - wage plan has been worked out by congress and bush , opening the way for the first increase in over nine years .
but i will use peanut , peanut oil , or things .
while residents claimed a victory , military authorities said they had confiscated the equivalent of more than $ 1.5 million to make up for the unpaid taxes .
right , the first appeal is automatic , so that delays it for a few years just right off the bat .
but , i think the u s is one of the few countries that still do .
-- because you know , - you mean , like for health insurance ?
-- but , once you get that job with the university , you 've got ten years of probation .
there was a lot of the human character when he was home alone and he was trying -- right .
he said the evidence pointed to wrongdoing by mr. keating '' and others , '' although he didn ' t allege any specific violation .
most revisions it will propose will be geared toward slowing down program trading during stressful periods , said officials working with the exchange .
it was the market 's biggest gain since rising more than 7 points on oct. 19 .
he added that he had spoken with mr. laidig , whom he referred to as a friend , by telephone monday evening . ''
the brokerage firm tracks technology stocks with its technology index , which appreciated only 10.59 % in the first nine months of this year .
and , uh , she 's the best , uh , burglar alarm going .
yesterday , nekoosa common closed in composite new york stock exchange trading at $ 62.875 , up $ 20.125 , on volume of almost 6.3 million shares .
that sticks to the , the vegetables , i 've used , - you turn them over .
genentech 's 1988 sales were $ 335 million , both from licensing and its own products .
take , for instance , um , a large construction company i used to work for .
i just , i ca n't see that .
pretty much , yeah , yeah .
big board officials wouldn ' t comment publicly .
it 's a good general e - , ed - , education for a , a bachelor 's degree .
well , we 've got a pretty good situation , my wife and i , since our property is already paid for .
okay , well , i guess i got to get going , okay , well , um , thanks for hearing me rap , i guess <laughter> .
the current ceiling on home loans insured by the federal housing administration is increased to $ 124,875 during fiscal 1990 .
oh , it 's , uh , mitzi .
right , exactly , yeah , there , there , there are several movies that hit home like that .
he adds : '' if for any reason i don ' t have the values , then i won ' t recommend it . ''
<laughter> she 's the most intelligent dog i 've ever seen .
under the plan , desoto said it will sell certain assets and businesses that don ' t meet strategic and profitability objectives .
foreign bonds most foreign government bonds markets were quiet .
the rally notwithstanding , there are plenty of worries about the short - term course of stock prices .
intel was up 1 3 / 8 to 33 3 / 4 .
i mean , to go to these movies and expect them to be , you know , other than just , just good entertainment -- right .
well , yes , of course , we do have capital punishment .
the company said it plans to use the sale proceeds to invest in business opportunities more closely identified with the company 's '' refocused direction . ''
the spice , yeah .
i said , how are you doing ?
-- yeah , he 's , anyway , and that was just excessively violent .
until now , its corporate ads , mainly promoting its sponsorship of the arts , have appeared almost exclusively in newspapers and magazines . ''
-- i always like the musicals , and uh , yeah , yeah , they leave , - those ones , that just stick in your head .
rather than -- - did you go with kids though ?
volume on the new york stock exchange totaled 176.1 million shares .
did you take kids along ?
revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
santa fe also has $ 3.7 billion in debt .
the purchase price is equal to about 1.65 times deseret 's roughly $ 10.7 million book value , or assets less liabilities .
yeah , recipes in pittsburgh consisted of red meat and a potato .
technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
the company , which currently has 13.5 million common shares outstanding , said it has no specific plans for the shares .
that 's very spicy , too .
the trading has been blamed for much of the market 's recent volatility .
intelogic was spun off from datapoint four years ago , shortly after mr. edelman took control of datapoint .
i , i see .
any sale of intelogic could have an impact on the battle between mr. edelman and new york attorney martin ackerman for control of datapoint .
if bringing the message is a crime , i 'm guilty of it . ''
you know , or different opinions .
the new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .
the initial spots will appear during morning and prime - time news shows .
not with me personally .
so , she 's a genuine chowperd .
the last time ibm tapped the corporate debt market was in april 1988 , when it offered $ 500 million of debt securities .
fannie mae 's 9 % issue was at 98 7 / 32 , up 1 / 8 .
to be going to these kinds of movies , i realize that .
no , i do n't think it 's a monetary thing .
i do n't know that it is .
u.k. sales for last year 's quarter were about $ 3 million .
i , i believe i would probably tend towards that .
this is designed to get the wagons in a circle and defend the smoking franchise . ''
exchange officials emphasized that the big board is considering a variety of actions to deal with program trading .
and it would make women go to work sometime if they knew their kids were being taken care of .
- it seems to be a disproportionate number of blacks , you know , that get into the system .
uh , do you have a pet randy ?
the group is divided primarily between software , semiconductors and computers .
florida national said yesterday that it remains committed to the merger .
many marketers say philip morris 's approach will be effective , but they agree that the ads ` implied smoking message is unmistakable . ''
then you have tenure .
demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late monday .
meanwhile , bond investors are laboring under the onus of a national debt ceiling debate .
supervisor evaluations have always been a tough one .
all right , bye-bye .
the company said the sale would produce a $ 1.2 billion gain in the fourth quarter .
a lot of people are eating healthier now a days .
labor costs climbed 1.2 % in private industry during the third quarter , matching the second - quarter rise .
qvc network inc. said it completed its acquisition of cvn cos. for about $ 423 million .
closer at home you would feel , + yes .
democrats want the tax provision to be a separate bill , subject to the usual procedural obstacles .
you know , you get a good broad education out of it .
- uh-huh , oh well .
because he 's salary and i 'm not .
and david riley , a federal examiner who worked under mr. scott , said he found his chief oddly upbeat about lincoln .
the georgia - pacific offer has definitely changed the landscape , '' said gary palmero of oppenheimer _ and _ co. .
so is it , uh , - are we doing lethal injection now ?
you do n't , they do n't graduate the best engineers or the best english majors , but -- uh-huh .
lincoln 's collapse may cost taxpayers as much as $ 2.5 billion , according to estimates , making it the most expensive thrift failure in history . ''
revenue rose 21 % to 22.61 billion francs from 18.69 billion francs .
terms weren ' t disclosed , but industry executives said the units were sold for $ 40 million .
great northern nekoosa soared $ 20.125 a share , to $ 62.875 , substantially above the $ 58 a share georgia - pacific is offering .
he was probably in the cafeteria when he thought of it <laughter> .
ibm 's visits to the debt market are closely watched by treasurers at other corporations and by credit market analysts .
in the corporate market , an expected debt offering today by international business machines corp. generated considerable attention .
its plan , instead , is to spin off the remainder of its real estate unit and to possibly do the same with its mining and energy assets .
but , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled . ''
first boston 's graeme anne lidgerwood values santa fe at 24 , down from her earlier estimate of 29 .
this sort of thing .
yeah , tha - , well , that 's true , it 's very cheap to make a slapstick movie .
everything had a little bit of curry in it .
the american stock exchange market value index rose 1.71 to 370.58 .
-- just , just to get a sense for , you know , how , how it affected them .
it is widely expected that they will .
a georgia - pacific acquisition of nekoosa would create the largest u.s. forest - products company .
uh , i guess they would have the ability to do some taxing that they do n't have now .
the increase is on the base price , which is already being discounted by virtually all steel producers .
if that continues , a significant number of -lcb- u.s. -rcb- companies will go over there to raise money . ''
operating profit dropped 35 % , however , to # 3.8 million .
the contraction was twice as large as economists projected and was the sharpest decline since a 19 % drop in january 1982 .
very few i would imagine .
you know , the main things that i like about the uh , <talking> << someone in background >> the job benefits -- huh-uh .
the dollar gained against most foreign currencies .
but traders who watch the stocks warned the rise may be yet another '' one - day phenomenon . ''
despite the big increases in health - care costs , wages still account for a far greater share of overall labor costs .
the company agreed definitively to be acquired by ogden corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
-- no matter where you go to school .
i think so too , yeah .
so , on next night , i spread the newspaper in the bathroom and she used them there .
and we do a lot of , um , stir fry vegetables .
he took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' rep. gonzalez said .
the steelmaker employs about 16,000 people .
it takes it out of your salary before taxes .
house and senate appropriators sought to establish a nov. 30 deadline after which their bill would become the last word on how funds are distributed .
i do know that i 've had tenured professors that were just sorry .
senate appropriations committee chairman robert byrd -lrb- d. , w. va. -rrb- strongly resisted deeper cuts sought by the house .
okay , hey thanks so much .
he begins his seven - year term nov. 9 , succeeding kenan evren .
with $ 500 apiece and an injection of outside capital , they formed genentech inc. .
if , by that time , the network reaches 14 million homes , the contract will be renewed for five more years .
<laughter> getting ready to eat chicken too .
well it sounds as though you are in favor of , uh , status quo .
so , it seems like a of people live there , and then through appeals .
nekoosa also is being advised by goldman , sachs _ and _ co. .
bonds : shearson lehman hutton treasury index 3426.33 , up 9.52 .
stateswest serves 10 cities in california , arizona and nevada .
but he has been getting heat from all sides over program trading .
you mean she did n't appreciate all that attention .
but everything was , and everything , - you did n't notice it at first , but everything was sort of hot .
well , you know , in a situation like that , i do n't know if that 's good or bad .
involving a violent crime or anything .
no , we went , uh , without the kids , it 's was a night out , away from the children .
the one - year libor rate yesterday was 8 7 / 16 % .
i enjoyed talking about pets with you .
the government later brought a $ 1.1 billion fraud suit against mr. keating and others .
-- and i 'm not really sure how i feel about that .
that 's right , you should be careful <laughter> .
oh that 's very interesting .
some of the crimes are just so brutal and so , you know , useless .
the value of the transaction wasn ' t disclosed .
<laughter> got to go take care of the children , all right , nice talking with you .
what 's her name by the way ?
by the end of the day , bond prices were mixed .
yes , i wish i had the answer for that , everybody does .
-lrb- during its centennial year , the wall street journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of american business history . -rrb-
the board has 10 business days to respond .
long - term bond prices rose despite trepidation about what a key economic report will show today .
it 's really the period when people become adults .
armstrong added 1 / 8 to 39 1 / 8 .
we 're trying to take care of a heck of a lot of constituents , '' mr. phelan said . ''
this provision met early and strong resistance from investment bankers worried about disruptions in their clients ` portfolios .
and real estate usually hasn ' t traded well under public ownership .
i read somewhere that , the poodles is one of the , the most intelligent dogs , uh , around .
mr. ackerman contended that it was a direct response to his efforts to gain control of datapoint .
but we call it the cafeteria plan , i wonder why .
well , that could be , i could see where that would be important .
uh , so i guess i have a left over positive feeling about the question even though i do n't know very much about puerto rico .
rjr nabisco inc. and american brands inc. say they have no plans to follow philip morris 's lead .
and they ca n't fire you .
nonetheless , the $ 36 million issue they floated in 1980 opened at $ 35 and leaped to $ 89 within 20 minutes .
-- and the good guys can get hit all day long -- uh-huh .
we 've got kids twenty years old , right now , that could beat any computer professor at micro computer applications .
meanwhile , shearson lehman 's mr. devario said that , to stay competitive , the u.s. paper industry needs to catch up with the european industry .
the company has toted up over $ 40 million in contracts in the past two days .
municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1 / 2 point higher while mortgage - backed securities were up about 1 / 8 point .
but , uh , anyway , that was a french movie -- uh-huh .
it valued the transaction at $ 800 million .
on a 394 - 21 roll call , the house adopted the underlying transportation measure .
although it has been difficult but , uh .
-- does that make since to you ?
i mean , my agree is absolutely worthless .
oh , i would n't doubt it , yeah .
uh-huh , well that 's interesting too .
and while customers such as steel service centers are continuing to reduce inventories through the fourth quarter , they eventually will begin stocking up again , he notes .
it pays most of mine , you know , now , after you work i think five years , they begin to pay most of it .
the theme of industry consolidation had surfaced earlier this year among drug stocks , which posted solid gains in the latest session .
i do n't , i do n't know that the ve - , the act of being a state would have any impact on , on them .
you know , it , you know , - me being one person with a above the median income , yeah .
the market 's tempo was helped by the dollar 's resiliency , he said .
the government also urged whites to refrain from panic over growing black protests , such as the massive anti - apartheid rally sunday on the outskirts of soweto .
uh , yeah , currently we have a poodle .
oh , she weighs in at about fifty pounds , so she 's a medium size .
the credit lyonnais purchase , for 33,000 regular common shares and 10,000 newly created shares , is valued at about slightly more than 80 million french francs .
uh-huh , wh - , which seems so awful .
okay , well thank you very much .
she really did , she just , uh , she , she was alm - , she was just inundated with , with all the attention .
yeah , thank you , it was nice talking with you .
you know , i do n't know , or a person personally .
yeah , uh , it 's , uh miniature .
i make as much as i earn .
some analysts believe the company has the ability to pinpoint the trough in interest - rate cycles .
the typical healthy heart beats 70 times a minute .
sen. mitchell is confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions .
steelmakers announced a round of base - price increases last year , but began offering sizable discounts over the summer .
and since then , - i , i live alone , okay .
net sales for this year 's third quarter were $ 14 million , down from $ 21.4 million last year .
as in , uh , martini .
oh , i 'm , i 'm , - but it 's hard to get rid of a teacher if they 're not good .
it also found them rising much more in the northeast than elsewhere .
uh , how do you feel about , - it must be a somewhat different environment from a regular college .
uh , i see what you mean , so that , - um , and taxes <laughter> .
yeah , it 's , - i mean these bell peppers and curry .
i would like to go back to 1970 .
course , i 'm a little prejudiced , of course .
genentech 's first product , a brain protein called somatostatin , proved its technology .
but , uh , she is a great comfort to me .
these results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
that happens on occasion , it sure does , <throat_clearing> .
corporate bonds were unchanged .
earlier , mesa had rejected a general proposal from stateswest to combine the two carriers in some way .
in the 12 months ended in september , wages and salaries of private - sector workers rose 4.4 % , while health insurance costs spurted by 13.7 % .
navigation mixte 's chairman had suggested that friendly institutions were likely to buy its stock as soon as trading opened monday .
their laboratory credentials established , boyer and swanson headed for wall street in 1980 .
the convoy of about 100 vehicles was the first to make deliveries to the capital in about 10 days .
i know we could .
yeah that 's uh , something i had n't really thought about because we do n't have children .
georgia - pacific has filed a lawsuit in federal court in maine challenging the poison pill and the maine merger law .
and , uh , i do n't know if you get that kind of greeting or not .
the same jealousy can breed confusion , however , in the absence of any authorization bill this year .
all right , what else could we change ?
well i might have liked some of that i , i like hot stuff , uh-huh .
oh is it ten minutes .
like i say , i think it depends on how personally affected , you know , you might be by it .
yes , um , i was wondering whether you were in favor of statehood , independence , or the status quo for puerto rico .
stelco inc. said it plans to shut down three toronto - area plants , moving their fastener operations to a leased facility in brantford , ontario .
and if you 've been in for twelve years , i 'm sure you 've , <laughter> .
she 's only been around one and , and sometimes two people at the most so , uh .
the scientists at plant genetic systems n.v. isolated a gene that could lead to a generation of plants possessing a high - production trait .
richard winger , a partner at boston consulting group , adds : '' it 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .
and i spread the newspapers out in the kitchen area .
it 's , + yes , especially the murder rate , its just gone crazy .
o'gear << phonetically spelled >> , um , i 'm sure you 've heard of it , it was a very famous , uh , popular movie .
orkem and coates said last wednesday that the two were considering a merger , through orkem 's british subsidiary , orkem coatings u.k. ltd. .
you know , the work they do could be totally eliminated , and not that they are n't worth or not that they are n't trying or anything .
also , smithkline beecham rose 1 3 / 8 to 39 1 / 2 .
for the past five years , unions haven ' t managed to win wage increases as large as those granted to nonunion workers .
they have , they have a - yes they like your lewis much to the chagrin of sophisticated am - , of sophisticated american everywhere .
ye - , it 's really sad .
in some places that do n't .
yeah , nice talking with you .
sea containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
the upside was in the intangible real estate ... which is no longer an intangible . ''
- yes , i think most states do have capital punishment .
each one has a different agenda . ''
we 've had dictation . ''
