battle mountain gold , which reported that third - quarter earnings fell 85 % from a year ago , lost 5 / 8 to 16 1 / 8 .
the company said the sale was '' on track '' to close by today .
nashua expanded a stock - repurchase program by one million common shares - - about 10.6 % of its shares outstanding - - and toughened a takeover defense .
unum gained 2 to 43 .
the company reported that third - quarter earnings were 34 % higher than a year earlier , a sharper rise than analysts had expected .
telecom usa skidded 4 to 28 1 / 2 .
its earnings from operations for the third quarter were above the year - ago level , but fell short of analysts ` forecasts .
the american stock exchange market value index fell 1.14 to 368.87 .
volume totaled 10,100,000 shares .
first federal bancorp lost 1 / 2 to 6 3 / 8 .
many other objects have been lent for the first time by his widow , juliet man ray .
parkway at 26 th street , through jan. 7 .
1200 west 38 th st. , nov. 1 - dec. 3 .
a.i.r. gallery , new york : carved wood bathed in glowing colors and gold leaf , nancy azara 's sculptures evoke faraway places , forgotten rituals .
her current show gathers two dozen of these shamanistic pieces , from tiny to towering .
63 crosby st. -lrb- corner of spring -rrb- .
mulberry street theatre , 70 mulberry st. , new york .
nov. 2 - 4 .
-lrb- 212 -rrb- 349 - 0126 .
music metropolitan opera : june anderson makes her long - awaited debut as gilda in a new production of verdi 's '' rigoletto . ''
lincoln center , 65 th and broadway , new york .
nov. 3 , 7 , 11 , 15 , 18 , 22 , 25 , 28 .
-lrb- 212 -rrb- 362 - 6000 .
music hall at fair park .
nov. 2 , 5 , 8 and 11 .
-lrb- 214 -rrb- 871 - 0090 .
kathryn bache miller theatre , broadway at 116 th street , new york .
nov. 10 , 11 and 12 .
-lrb- 212 -rrb- 666 - 1260 .
in fact , there are several reasons for an end to the bull market and for this particular 190 - point slam - dunk .
i can assure mr. wanniski that the market is not as politically motivated as he is .
with regard to the bull market 's sad demise , this can be attributed to several factors : 1 .
perception of future deterioration of corporate profits .
this was exemplified by ibm 's recent announcements .
one can magnify this problem 10 times for highly leveraged companies whose revenues are slowing and where interest rates are no longer accommodative , in bifurcated credit markets .
modest inflation / deflation adding to the attractiveness of bonds .
the honeymoon is over for poor george .
in the past week this was highlighted by continuing fallout on panama and abortion rights , as well as capital gains .
anticipated poor results for republicans at the polls in november have added to investor ennui .
in sum , there are technical , economic , political and psychological reasons for the market 's recent drubbing .
but it 's quite true wall street responds dramatically to changes in the capital - gains rate , especially growth stocks .
the bull market in growth stocks halted when the rate was hiked to 28 % from 20 % effective january 1987 .
all the indexes surged when a lower rate passed the house .
the ual financing reverse shocked the market , but the prospect of capital gains not fulfilling the market 's hopes was also an important factor .
according to his figures , asset values would be pumped up some $ 50 billion overnight with the passage of the cut .
this is '' real money , '' mr. wanniski says .
i say , real trouble .
the export - import bank said cia .
the bank said several other u.s. companies also will supply electronic equipment for this project .
according to export - import bank officials , japanese and french companies also bid for the business .
critics of program trading are calling increasingly for regulators to raise the cost of trading stock - index futures .
such a move would curb speculation in stock - index futures , the critics contend , and that would stop the stock market 's breathtaking surges and plunges .
but futures traders here argue this cure is worse than the volatility disease .
they warn that raising the costs of trading futures could backfire and end up making stocks even more volatile .
the debate over program trading is tearing wall street asunder .
critics are much more aggressive than they were in 1987 , the last time the controversy raged this heatedly .
they 're also more effective .
chicago futures traders , knowing they can ' t escape the critics ` wrath , are bracing for trouble .
stock margins are literally down payments made toward the purchase of a stock , and the level is set by the federal reserve board .
in the futures market , a margin payment is simply a good faith deposit .
each exchange sets its own minimums , with oversight by the commodity futures trading commission .
margin requirements loom large in the program trading debate .
and with the markets linked so closely through arbitrage , speculation in futures is translated quickly into stocks .
but raising stock - index futures margins could make the stock market even more volatile , futures traders contend .
higher margins would price many professional speculators - - whose trades help futures markets function smoothly - - out of business .
that could trigger wide price swings and more , not less , stock - index arbitrage . ''
opponents of index arbitrage trading don ' t lose much sleep over the prospect of futures speculators being driven out of the market .
raising stock - index futures margins sharply could curtail the volume of index arbitrage trading by the handful of wall street securities firms that dominate the business .
tax - exempt institutional investors don ' t trade on margin , and therefore wouldn ' t be affected by an increase in stock - index futures margins .
raising stock - index futures margins sharply wouldn ' t have much of an effect on s_and _ p 500 futures traders known as locals .
they often trade opposite brokerage firms , but as long as they don ' t carry positions overnight , they effectively trade without putting any money down .
dillard department stores inc. said that stockholders at a special meeting approved an amendment to increase the authorized shares of its class a and class b common stock .
after a bad start , treasury bonds were buoyed by a late burst of buying to end modestly higher . ''
the market was pretty dull '' for most of the day , said robert h. chandross , vice president at lloyds bank plc. .
but market activity was energized as investors started to view the lower price levels as attractive .
he said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be '' conducive to a bond market rally . ''
other key economic indicators due this week include today 's release of the september leading indicators index and new - home sales .
tomorrow , the october purchasing managers report is due and on thursday comes october chain - store sales .
the debt ceiling is scheduled to fall to $ 2.8 trillion from $ 2.87 trillion at midnight tonight .
the treasury 's benchmark 30 - year bond rose 1 / 8 point .
mortgage - backed securities were up less than 1 / 8 point and investment - grade corporate bonds were unchanged .
strong demand for new york city 's $ 813 million general obligation bonds propped up the municipal market .
traders said most municipal bonds ended 1 / 2 point higher .
the new york city issue included $ 757 million of tax - exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity .
the $ 56 million of new york 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
as expected , the longer - term tax - exempt new york bonds had yields nearly as high as those on taxable long - term treasury bonds .
the yield on the benchmark 30 - year treasury bond ended yesterday at about 7.92 % .
a spokesman for new york city comptroller harrison goldin said the high rates reflect investors concerns about the city 's financial health and political uncertainties .
treasury securities treasury bonds ended slightly higher in light trading .
short - term interest rates rose at the government 's regular weekly treasury - bill auction .
the average discount rate on three - month bills was 7.78 % and the rate on six - month bills was 7.62 % .
those rates are up from 7.52 % and 7.50 % , respectively , at last week 's auction .
the treasury bills sold yesterday settle today , rather than the standard settlement day of thursday .
because of the early settlement , the federal reserve was unable to purchase bills for its system account .
however , analysts expect the fed to buy treasury bills that were auctioned yesterday in the secondary market .
the treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
the percentage rates are calculated on a 360 - day year , while the coupon equivalent yield is based on a 365 - day year .
@ 13 - week 26 - week @ applications ... ... ... $ 37,334,375,000 25,876,140,000 @ accepted bids ... ... . .
the 13 - week bills mature feb. 1 , and the 26 - week bills mature may 3 , 1990 .
2 % @ average price -lrb- rate -rrb- ... ... ... ... . .
98.881 -lrb- 7.90 % -rrb- interest rate 8.07 % the bills are dated oct. 31 and mature dec. 21 , 1989 .
although the notes held at a price of 92 to 93 immediately after the reset , they started falling soon afterward .
other western union securities were also lower .
the 10 3 / 4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
elsewhere , prices of investment - grade and high - risk , high - yield junk bonds ended unchanged .
meanwhile , underwriters at morgan stanley _ and _ co. are expected today to price a $ 350 million high - yield offering by continental cablevision inc. .
the senior subordinated debentures maturing in 2004 are targeted to be offered at a yield of between 12 5 / 8 % to 12 3 / 4 % .
mortgage - backed securities mortgage securities ended 2 / 32 to 4 / 32 higher in light trading .
freddie mac 's 9 % issue ended at 97 19 / 32 , up 2 / 32 .
this could mean diminished issuance of derivative mortgage issues during the next few weeks .
insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes -lrb- pacs -rrb- during the past few months .
last week , a unit of mnc financial corp. offered $ 268 million of home - equity securities .
december municipal futures ended up 11 / 32 point to 92 - 14 , having pulled off a morning low of 91 - 23 as cash municipals rebounded .
but front month t - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13 / 32 at 99 - 04 .
foreign bonds british government bonds ended moderately higher , encouraged by a steadier pound and a rise in british stocks .
west german government bonds fell as much as 0.60 point in light , nervous trading .
japanese government bonds continued to erode as the dollar remained resilient against the yen .
japan 's no. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended the day on brokers screens at 95.11 to yield 5.43 % .
in a cross - border transaction , the buyer is in a different region of the globe from the target .
such transactions numbered 670 in the second quarter , up from 527 a year earlier .
however , the total value declined for deals of $ 100 million and up .
the downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested herb adler , a kpmg peat marwick partner .
large cross - border deals numbered 51 and totaled $ 17.1 billion in the second quarter , the firm added .
that compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
rymer foods inc. said its board authorized the purchase of as many as 500,000 of its common stock purchase warrants at a price of $ 4 a warrant .
a warrant permits a holder to acquire one share of common stock for $ 17.50 a share .
the warrants expire on oct. 15 , 1992 , and may be called by the company at a price of $ 5.25 .
the offer is scheduled to expire on nov. 28 , unless extended .
in new york stock exchange composite trading , rymer closed yesterday at $ 10.875 , down 12.5 cents .
- - edward f. dempsey .
- - joshua adams .
- - - humility helper the ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
- - ivern ball .
the move is sure to heighten concerns about increased japanese investment in u.s. biotechnology firms .
it is also likely to bolster fears that the japanese will use their foothold in u.s. biotechnology concerns to gain certain trade and competitive advantages .
chugai agreed then to fund certain associated research and development costs .
chugai agreed to pay $ 6.25 a share for gen - probe 's 17.6 million common shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis .
yesterday , in national trading in the over - the - counter market , gen - probe common closed at $ 3.25 a share .
the biotechnology firms may be setting up their own competitors , '' said richard godown , president of the industrial biotechnology association .
he added that until now the japanese have only acquired equity positions in u.s. biotechnology companies . ''
they are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
during the past five years , japanese concerns have invested in several of the u.s. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .
in 1988 , chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
genprobe had a net loss of $ 9.5 million on revenue of $ 5.8 million .
chugai also will help gen - probe with its regulatory and marketing expertise in asia , mr. bologna said .
the tender offer for gen - probe 's shares is expected to begin next monday , the company said .
it was supposed to be a routine courtesy call .
but after a few pleasantries , the soviets unexpectedly got serious .
the soviets have a world - leading space program , the guests noted .
wouldn ' t the japanese like a piece of it ?
the visitors then listed technologies up for sale , including launch services and propulsion hardware . ''
we were just surprised , '' says tad inada , nasda 's director for international affairs . ''
but '' the soviet union has areas where it isn ' t behind japan , '' says mikhail shapovalov of the soviet ministry of foreign economic relations . ''
we have obtained through the development of cosmos -lcb- the soviet space program -rcb- technologies you don ' t see anywhere else . ''
the sales pitch mightn ' t be as farfetched as it seems .
and , despite its image as a technology superpower , japan has a lot of weaknesses .
it 's a world leader in semiconductors , but behind the u.s. in making the computers that use those chips .
one question being debated in the soviet union is how to use the defense sector 's research - and - production expertise in the rest of the economy .
many plants that used to make military equipment are now being ordered to produce televisions , videocassette recorders , small tractors and food - processing machinery .
where they lag behind the japanese is in turning the scientific inventiveness into improved production .
by contrast , the japanese have proved adept at making use of soviet inventions .
kobe steel ltd. adopted soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
kawasaki steel corp. bought a soviet steel - casting patent two years ago and has jointly developed the system with the soviets .
in 1991 , the soviets will take a japanese journalist into space , the first japanese to go into orbit .
soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad don ' t appear to worry the u.s. , japan 's principal ally . ''
we have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the soviet union , '' says a state department official . ''
frankly , i wouldn ' t expect the japanese to get hooked on anybody 's technology , least of all the soviets . ''
under mikhail gorbachev 's perestroika , the soviets have sought economic ties all over the world , including new export markets .
the soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in new york and west germany .
last week , a soviet delegation came to japan to push more space technologies .
japan is a major target for the soviets .
in august , representatives of keidanren , japan 's largest business organization , visited moscow to explore exports and investments that would help the soviet economy .
out of the blue , the soviet chamber of commerce handed over details on 59 technologies that the japanese might want to buy .
a main motive is hard cash .
but , while the soviets can ' t expect direct technology flow from japan , they also hope to benefit from japanese manufacturing expertise . ''
even if the japanese find soviet technology desirable , such discussions would be fraught with political complications .
another hurdle concerns japan 's attempts to persuade the soviet union to relinquish its post - world war ii control of four islands north of japan .
so far , the soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
and what they have shown isn ' t impressive . ''
- - - peter gumbel in moscow contributed to this article .
-lrb- during its centennial year , the wall street journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of american business history . -rrb-
may 1 , 1975 , signaled a distressful may day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
it scared brokers , but most survived .
it took effect after seven years of bitter debate between the securities and exchange commission and traders and exchanges .
the timing for change was right .
institutions had become active market players in the early 1970 s and sought exchange seats to handle their own trades .
and the industry was rife with brokers trying to secure big client orders by using kickbacks , gifts , women and junkets .
ray garrett jr. , sec chairman , said the '' breadth and depth of the discounting is more than i expected . ''
even a federal measure in june allowing houses to add research fees to their commissions didn ' t stop it .
longer term , the impact is unclear .
the change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
but there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
commissions , however , account for a smaller share of investment - house business as takeover advisory fees have soared .
foreign stock markets , with which the u.s. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
it came in london 's '' big bang '' 1986 deregulation ; and toronto 's '' little bang '' the same year .
paris is currently phasing out fixed commissions under its '' le petit bang '' plan .
mr. bush announced several weeks ago that he intended to send such a mission , composed of top government aides and business and labor leaders .
the mission will visit poland from nov. 29 to dec. 2 , the white house said .
michael boskin , chairman of the council of economic advisers , also will be a member .
mr. bush said the group is to '' focus on economic sectors where u.s. expertise and cooperation can indeed make a difference . ''
warner and mr. azoff declined comment , as did mca , where mr. azoff had also been discussing such a venture .
among other things , they said , mr. azoff would develop musical acts for a new record label .
although mr. azoff won ' t produce films at first , it is possible that he could do so later , the sources said .
for warner , meanwhile , it gives the company a second young partner with a finger on the pulse of the hottest trends in the music business .
but mr. azoff had been negotiating for more than a year to get out of his mca contract , which expired in 1991 .
mr. azoff reportedly was bored and frequently clashed with top mca management over a number of issues such as compensation and business plans .
mr. azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
in an interview at the time of his resignation from mca , he said : '' i 'd rather build a company than run one . ''
part of a series -rcb- tom panelli had a perfectly good reason for not using the $ 300 rowing machine he bought three years ago . ''
the soreness , he admits , went away about a week after the shot .
yet the rowing machine hasn ' t been touched since , even though he has moved it across the country with him twice .
it 's a horrible machine , actually .
i 'm ashamed i own the stupid thing . ''
mr. panelli has plenty of company .
the roper organization , which conducted the survey , said almost half of the exercise equipment owners found it duller than they expected .
it isn ' t just exercise gear that isn ' t getting a good workout .
the fitness craze itself has gone soft , the survey found .
fewer people said they were working up a sweat with such activities as jogging , tennis , swimming and aerobics .
half of those surveyed said they simply walk these days for exercise .
that 's good news for marketers of walking shoes .
the survey also detected a bit more interest in golf , a positive sign for country clubs and golf club makers .
but even that group knows some people don ' t use their machines as much as they should . ''
the first excuse is they don ' t have enough time , '' says research director thomas doyle . ''
the second is they don ' t have enough discipline . ''
still , the average price of such bikes rose last year to $ 145 .
mr. doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
electronic gimmicks are key .
premark international inc. , for example , peddles the m 8.7 sp electronic cycling simulator , a $ 2,000 stationary cycle .
nancy igdaloff , who works in corporate payments at bank of america in san francisco , may be a good prospect for such a gizmo .
she 's trying to sell a $ 150 exercise bike she bought about five years ago for her roommate .
i 'm using it a lot , '' she says . ''
i spent so much money that if i look at it , and i 'm not on it , i feel guilty . ''
the poll points up some inconsistencies between what people say and what they do .
a surprising 78 % of people said they exercise regularly , up from 73 % in 1981 .
this conjures up images of a nation full of trim , muscular folks , and suggests couch potatoes are out of season .
of course , that isn ' t really the case .
the discrepancy may be because asking people about their fitness regime is a bit like inquiring about their love life .
they 're bound to exaggerate . ''
it 's hard to know if people are responding truthfully .
people are too embarrassed to say they haven ' t done anything . ''
that target has been revised to 30 % by the year 2000 .
but even that goal may prove optimistic .
time pressures and the ebb of the fitness fad are cited as reasons for the decline .
only walking and golf increased in popularity during the 1980 s - - and only slightly .
jeanette traverso , a california lawyer , gave up running three times a week to play a weekly round of golf , finding it more social and serene .
it 's an activity she feels she can do for life , and by pulling a golf cart , she still gets a good workout . ''
i 'm really wiped out after walking five hours , '' she says .
most people said they exercise both for health and enjoyment . ''
and it 's relaxing .
sometimes , if you have a headache , you can go out and walk it right off . ''
only about a quarter of the respondents said they exercise to lose weight .
slightly more , like leslie sherren , a law librarian in san francisco who attends dance aerobics five times a week , exercise to relieve stress . ''
working with lawyers , '' she says , '' i need it . ''
but fully 90 % of those polled felt they didn ' t need to belong to a health club . ''
they 're not there to work out . ''
but at least they show up .
nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they didn ' t use their membership as often as they planned .
feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
there are die - hard bodies , of course .
the emotional aspect is so draining , they needed a good workout . ''
perhaps the most disturbing finding is that the bowling alley may be an endangered american institution .
the survey reported the number of people who said they bowl regularly has fallen to just 8 % from 17 % in 1981 .
the american bowling congress claims a higher percentage of the public bowls regularly , but concedes its membership has declined this decade .
to find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
people who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise '' have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
but not richard cottrell , a san francisco cab driver who bowls in two weekly leagues .
he hit the lanes three years ago on the advice of his doctor . ''
it 's good exercise , '' he says . ''
i can ' t do anything score - wise , but i like meeting the girls . ''
he says bowling helps him shed pounds , though that effort is sometimes thwarted by the fact that '' when i 'm drinking , i bowl better . ''
his tuesday night team , the leftovers , is in first place .
unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , jos. a. bank clothiers inc. is not in serious financial problems .
your were on target regarding industry problems , but wide of the mark in portraying the financial health of this company .
david r. waters chairman and ceo jos. a. bank clothiers inc. .
owings mills , md. .
private housing starts in japan were unchanged in september from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the construction ministry said .
the flat report followed a four - month string of declines .
the down trend was partly the result of tighter credit sparked by a discount rate increase by the bank of japan in may .
if there 's somethin ` strange in your neighborhood ... if there 's something ` weird and it don ' t look good .
who ya gon na call ?
for starters , some people call ed and lorraine warren .
when it comes to busting ghosts , the monroe , conn. , couple are perfect demons .
they claim to have busted spirits , poltergeists and other spooks in hundreds of houses around the country .
they say they now get three or four '' legitimate '' calls a week from people harried by haunts . ''
i firmly believe in angels , devils and ghosts , '' says mr. warren , whose business card identifies him as a '' demonologist . ''
a professional magician and musician , he heads the pittsburgh branch of the committee for the scientific investigation of the paranormal .
mr. busch says there is a scientific explanation for all haunts , and he can even tell you how to encourage the spirits . ''
all you have to do is eat a big pizza , and then go to bed , '' he says . ''
you 'll have weird dreams , too . ''
either way , the ghostbusting business is going like gangbusters .
tales of haunts and horrors are proliferating beyond the nation 's elm streets and amityvilles . ''
the committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
the spirits , of course , could hardly care less whether people do or don ' t believe in them .
they don ' t even give a nod to human sensibilities by celebrating halloween .
for the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
mr. baker says he has personally bested more than 50 haunts , from aliens to poltergeists .
mr. baker heads the kentucky association of science educators and skeptics .
like hollywood 's ghostbusters , kentucky 's stand ready to roll when haunts get out of hand .
but they don ' t careen around in an old cadillac , wear funny suits or blast away at slimy spirits .
mr. baker drives a 1987 chevy and usually wears a tweed jacket on his ghostbusting forays . ''
i 've never met a ghost that couldn ' t be explained away by perfectly natural means , '' he says .
when a louisville woman complained that a ghost was haunting her attic , mr. baker discovered a rat dragging a trap across the rafters .
a foul - smelling demon supposedly plagued a house in mannington , ky. .
mr. baker found an opening under the house that led to a fume - filled coal mine .
when the weather cools , mr. baker says , hobos often hole up in abandoned houses . ''
people see activity in there , and the next thing you know , you 've got a haunting , '' he says .
mr. baker hears her out , pokes around a bit , asks a few questions and proposes some explanations .
of the self - starting vacuum cleaner , he says : '' could be cuddles , -lcb- mrs. stinnett 's dog -rcb- . ''
the flying telephone : '' you tangle the base cord around a chair leg , and the receiver does seem to fly off . ''
the ghostly footsteps : '' interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . '' ''
i 'm not sure he 's explained everything , '' mrs. stinnett says grudgingly . ''
there are some things that have gone on here that nobody can explain , '' she says .
mr. baker promises to return if the haunting continues .
for especially stubborn haunts , mr. baker carries a secret weapon , a vial of cornstarch . ''
i tell people it 's the groundup bones of saints , '' he says . ''
i sprinkle a little around and tell the demons to leave .
it 's reassuring , and it usually works . ''
invariably , '' he says , '' eyewitnesses are untrustworthy . ''
to viewers from a distance , visitors to the spot seemed to shrink disproportionately , relative to the background .
the magazine called in mr. hyman as a consultant .
he showed up with a carpenter 's level , carefully measured every surface and showed how the apparent shrinkage was caused by the perspective . ''
a very striking illusion , '' mr. hyman says now , his voice dripping with skepticism , '' but an illusion nevertheless . ''
the canadian wound up writing a check .
on certain occasions a spirit could be earthbound and make itself known , '' he says . ''
father trabold often uses what he calls '' a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave . ''
if the person believes there 's an evil spirit , you ask it to be gone , '' he says . ''
the suggestion itself may do the healing . ''
but sometimes more energetic attacks are required .
i attend , and so does a television crew from new york city .
mr. warren pronounces the litchfield case '' your typical demonic infestation . ''
a scottish dwarf built the small red house 110 years ago and now his demonic ghost haunts it , mr. warren says .
two previous exorcisms have failed . ''
this is a very tenacious ghost , '' mr. warren says darkly .
father mckenna moves through the house praying in latin , urging the demon to split .
suddenly the woman begins swaying and then writhing . ''
she 's being attacked by the demon , '' mrs. warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
a half - hour later , the woman is smiling and chatting ; the demon seems to have gone .
but mr. warren says the woman has '' psychic burns '' on her back from the confrontation .
she declines to show them . ''
this time though , '' he says , '' i think we got it . ''
- - - lyrics from '' ghostbusters '' by ray s. parker jr. 1984 by golden torch music corp. -lrb- ascap -rrb- and raydiola music -lrb- ascap -rrb- .
all administrative rights for the u.s. jointly controlled by both companies .
brokerage hiring languishes amid market turmoil .
but survivors earn more .
another major firm has cut 6,000 workers , 13 % of its staff , since black monday .
the bureau of labor statistics says securities firms in new york city alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the december 1987 peak of 163,000 .
average annual earnings of those who have hung on , though , surged to $ 78,625 last year from $ 69,553 in 1987 .
any hiring is confined to retail sales .
illinois company investments had been trimming its ranks until last summer .
but then it was acquired by household international inc. .
now it offers richer commissions to lure a broker a week .
interstate / johnson lane inc. this year adds 70 people - - 60 of them in retail - - to its 1,300 - member staff .
a.g. edwards _ and _ sons runs training classes and looks for experienced brokers . ''
we 're always going to hire someone we consider to be a winner , '' an edwards official says .
skilled workers aplenty are available to cope with earthquake damage . ''
i don ' t foresee any shortages over the next few months , '' says ken allen , an official of operating engineers local 3 in san francisco .
ironically , '' up until the quake , we desperately tried to fill jobs , '' especially for crane and bulldozer operators .
but the oct. 17 temblor put a halt to much nonessential building , and heavy rains last week slowed the rest , freeing construction workers for earthquake repairs .
the supply of experienced civil engineers , though , is tighter .
in recent months , california 's transportation department has been recruiting in pennsylvania , arizona and texas for engineers experienced in road and bridge design .
he says the department now has 75 openings and wants to hire 625 civil engineers over the next 15 months .
the irs may taketh what the labor department giveth .
the irs says the question won ' t be settled until the regulations are issued '' shortly . ''
but violation could bring substantial tax penalties to both employer and employees . ''
it 's a severe case of regulatory whiplash , '' complains henry saveth of consultant a. foster higgins _ and _ co. .
frederick rumack of buck consultants has asked labor to recraft its rule to remove the irs threat .
corporate downsizing digs deeper .
both reflect the dismissal of lower - level and shorter - tenure executives .
executives universally believe workers should know their employer - sponsored benefits .
but three out of four managers can ' t accurately state the value of their own packages , consultant noble lowndes says .
no , you work -rsb- only one in four companies with flexible benefit plans lets workers buy or sell vacation days , consultant towers perrin says .
employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
students shun burger flipping for jobs tied to careers .
some even study . ''
fast - food jobs aren ' t popular no matter what they pay , '' says a tufts official .
working students , she explains , want '' some satisfaction . ''
university of michigan students look for jobs related to planned careers .
slowing economies in some areas limit student choice .
student job postings at boston university slip 10 % this year following a 10 % drop in 1988 .
still , the school says there are an ample number and pay is up to $ 7.20 an hour from $ 6.90 last year .
m.b.a. candidates at the university of pittsburgh earn up to $ 15 an hour on marketing or computer projects .
our copy of racine -lrb- wis. -rrb- labor comes through the mail wrapped around two sections of baseball card news .
democracy is making a return with a vengeance to latin america 's most populous and deeply indebted country .
i feel sorry for whoever wins , '' says a brazilian diplomat .
who that winner will be is highly uncertain .
a half - dozen candidates , backing policies ranging from thatcherism to watered - down marxism , are given a chance of winning . ''
whoever says he knows which of the six will win is out of his mind , '' says antonio britto , a centrist member of parliament .
the favorite remains fernando collor de mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of alagoas .
the uncertainty is sending shivers through brazilian financial markets .
the dollar , the best indicator of the country 's mood , has skyrocketed on the parallel market , as has gold .
capital flight is reported to be strong .
the big question is whether the new president will have the strength and the political support in congress to take steps to cure brazil 's economic ills .
and where we are is bad . ''
by some estimates , brazil 's internal debt , or combined public deficit , could reach 6.5 % of its $ 351 billion gross domestic product .
much of the money goes into subsidies or keeping inefficient state - controlled companies operating .
among the results is a frequent breakdown of public services .
officials also say a national electricity shortage might not be far off .
analysts also say it 's inevitable that brazil will seek to renegotiate its $ 115 billion foreign debt , on which it suspended interest payments last month .
about 80 % of brazil 's voters are believed to live near the poverty level .
of the three candidates with a serious chance of winning , mr. collor comes closest to advocating the sort of measures that economists say are necessary .
but his inexperience raises doubts that he would have the political power to carry them out .
hospital regulation sparks kentucky feud which is the best medicine for runaway health costs : competition or regulation ?
the battle focuses on the state 's certificate - of - need law , which regulates investment in new medical technology .
the law has prevented $ 216 million of unnecessary expenditures since 1986 , according to william s. conn , president of the kentucky hospital association .
but according to david jones , humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
the company complains that it paid $ 10 million to non - humana hospitals in its latest fiscal year for services provided to its insurance plan members .
but humana says its own facilities could serve its insured for less if they were properly equipped .
mr. conn charges that humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
humana contends that $ 8,000 represents an extreme case and that its regular charge for lithotripsy is $ 4,900 .
meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .
humana , which wants to acquire one of the new machines itself , is on the record as opposed to the proposal .
and 81 % preferred a group practice or health maintenance organization , while just 11 % favored solo practice . ''
they won ' t do that very often today at all .
they 're looking for something that 's very safe . ''
that 's 115 % more than in 1981 .
money isn ' t the only reason for the shift in practice preferences .
this is a change in the social fabric of medicine , '' he says .
but unlike most patients , her roommate was her husband . ''
it was certainly good to have him handy , '' mrs. bobar says .
it helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
it also saves money .
the approach has generated so much interest that nyu is host to the first conference on cooperative care nov. 30 . ''
it 's really part of the hospital of the 21 st century , '' dr. grieco says .
knight - ridder wouldn ' t comment on the offer .
the company has said the paper isn ' t for sale , and has rebuffed mr. mcmaster 's earlier requests for access to free press financial statements .
but in an interview , mr. mcmaster said he and his investment banker would need access to full financial records before firming up the offer .
the new company is capitalized at about $ 3.5 million .
mitsui expects the antibiotic products to be exported to southeast asia and africa .
it also hopes to enter the u.s. market .
nrm energy co. said it filed materials with the securities and exchange commission calling for it to restructure into a corporation from a limited partnership .
the partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
nrm suspended its common distribution in june 1988 and the distribution on its $ 2 cumulative convertible acquisition preferred units in september .
holders of nrm 's $ 2 cumulative convertible acquisition preferred units will receive one new common share in edisto for every 1.342 units they own .
edisto currently is the general partner of nrm .
as the largest holder of acquisition preferred units , mesa limited partnership would own about 28 % of edisto after the transaction .
the transaction is subject to approval of nrm unitholders of record on oct. 23 , among other conditions .
nrm said it expects unitholders to vote on the restructuring at a meeting dec. 15 .
sherwin - williams co. and whittaker corp. said they 've discontinued talks toward a definitive agreement regarding sherwin - williams ` acquisition of whittaker 's chemical coating group .
the companies reached an agreement in principle for the sale in august .
terms weren ' t disclosed .
cleveland - based sherwin - williams produces paints and coatings , while the los angeles - based whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
the building - materials concern didn ' t disclose terms of the sale , which will close in the first quarter of next year .
the recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
after hitting two - year highs this summer , net sales of stock funds slowed in september , according to the investment company institute , a trade group .
the sales recovery screeched to a halt this month , some analysts say . ''
net sales of stock funds in september totaled $ 839.4 million , down from $ 1.1 billion in august , the institute said .
but if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
october 's numbers , which won ' t be released for a month , are down further , mutual fund executives say .
investors in stock funds didn ' t panic the weekend after mid - october 's 190 - point market plunge .
most of the those who left stock funds simply switched into money market funds .
and some fund groups said investors actually became net buyers .
but the stock market swings have continued .
the recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say . ''
the public is very close to having had it , '' mr. jenks says .
investors pulled back from bond funds in september , too .
net sales of bond funds for the month totaled $ 1.1 billion , down two - thirds from $ 3.1 billion in august .
the major reason : heavy outflows from high - risk , high - yield junk bond funds .
big withdrawals from the junk funds have continued this month .
many small investors went for the safety of money market funds .
assets of these and other short - term funds surged more than $ 5 billion in september , the institute said .
analysts say additional investors transferred their assets into money funds this month .
at fidelity investments , the nation 's largest fund group , money funds continue to draw the most business , says michael hines , vice president , marketing .
in october , net sales of stock funds at fidelity dropped sharply , mr. hines said .
but he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from september 's level .
investor interest in stock funds '' hasn ' t stalled at all , '' mr. hines maintains .
he notes that most of the net sales drop stemmed from a three - day period following the friday the 13 th plunge . ''
if that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
but , mr. hines adds , sales '' based on a few days ` events don ' t tell you much about october 's trends . ''
one trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
stock - fund managers , meantime , went into october with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
these managers held 9.8 % of assets in cash at the end of september , down from 10.2 % in august and 10.6 % in september 1988 .
large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
managers of junk funds were bolstering their cash hoards after the september cash crunch at campeau corp. .
junk - portfolio managers raised their cash position to 9.4 % of assets in september from 8.3 % in august .
in september 1988 , that level was 9.5 % .
investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
among stock funds , the conservative growth - and - income portfolios probably will remain popular , fund specialists say . ''
we keep wondering what mr. gates wanted to say .
perhaps he 'd have called for '' a decentralized political and economic system '' without a dominant communist party .
or political arrangements '' to alleviate the grievances and demands of soviet ethnic minorities and republics . ''
why , a bob gates might even have said , '' nor are soviet problems susceptible to rescue from abroad through abundant western credits . ''
if mr. gates had been allowed to say these things , we would now be hearing about '' discord '' and '' disarray '' on foreign policy .
dark hints would be raised that parts of the administration hope mr. gorbachev would fail , just as they were when vice president quayle voiced similar sentiments .
it 's somehow ok for secretary baker himself , however , to say all the same things .
in fact , he did ; the quotes above are from mr. baker 's speech of two weeks ago .
they all understand point one : nothing the u.s. can do will make much difference in whether mr. gorbachev succeeds with perestroika .
perhaps mr. gates would emphasize more than mr. baker the many hurdles the soviet leader must leap if he is going to succeed .
but everyone agrees that mr. gorbachev 's problems result from the failure of his own system .
they can be relieved only by changing that system , not by pouring western money into it .
gatt membership will not matter to donbas coal miners short of soap , nor will a start treaty make any difference to ukrainian nationalists .
if a deal can be made to cut the world 's ortegas loose from moscow , why not ?
we don ' t expect much good from nuclear - arms control , but conventional - arms talks might demilitarize eastern europe .
there 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
yet much of the political culture seems intent on castigating the bush administration for not '' helping '' mr. gorbachev .
mr. baker seems especially sensitive to the washington ailment known as beltway - itis .
letting officials express their own nuances can be educational .
it is in the western interest to see mr. gorbachev succeed .
the odds are against him , as he himself would no doubt tell you .
the ultimate outcome depends on what he does , not on what we do .
even if the press is ready to seize and misinterpret , these are not very complicated thoughts .
surely there is someone in the administration , maybe bob gates , who could explain them to college students , or even schoolchildren .
vernon e. jordan was elected to the board of this transportation services concern .
his election increases ryder 's board to 14 members .
the american stock exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last friday .
seats are currently quoted at $ 151,000 , bid , and $ 162,000 , asked .
two gunmen entered a maryland restaurant , ordered two employees to lie on the floor and shot them in the backs of their heads .
the killers fled with less than $ 100 .
describing this and other grisly killings , sen. strom thurmond -lrb- r. , s.c. -rrb- recently urged fellow lawmakers to revive a broad federal death penalty . ''
the ultimate punishment , '' he declared , '' will protect the law - abiding from the vicious , cruel individuals who commit these crimes . ''
most murders are state crimes , so any federal capital - punishment law probably would turn out to be more symbolism than substance .
yet the bill is riding high on the furor over drug trafficking .
even some democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .
in 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws - - federal and state alike - - as unconstitutional .
but in 1976 , the court permitted resurrection of such laws , if they meet certain procedural requirements .
for instance , juries would have to consider specific '' aggravating '' and '' mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
since that 1976 ruling , 37 states have reintroduced the death penalty .
among these crimes are murder on federal land , presidential assassination and espionage .
the thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
-lrb- separately , the senate last week passed a bill permitting execution of terrorists who kill americans abroad . -rrb-
for one thing , it 's unlikely that many people would receive federal death sentences , let alone be executed .
in that sense , the whole debate is sort of a fraud , '' argues a democratic senate staff member . ''
it 's distracting attention from serious issues , like how to make dea , fbi and customs work together '' on drug enforcement .
republicans acknowledge that few people would be executed under the thurmond bill , but they contend that isn ' t the point . ''
executions , regardless of how frequently they occur , are also '' proper retribution '' for heinous crimes , mr. hatch argues .
in addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .
the amendment prompted an ironic protest from mr. thurmond , who complained that it would '' kill '' capital punishment .
a large number of studies suggest that state judges and juries have imposed the penalty in a racially discriminatory fashion .
and the kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
it would allow all defendants to introduce statistical evidence showing racially disproportionate application of the death penalty in the past .
and it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities . ''
that burden is very difficult , if not impossible , to meet , '' says mr. boyd . ''
how do you prove a negative ? ''
the kennedy amendment would , in effect , legislate around the supreme court ruling .
but if it survives , it could prompt other statutory changes , according to the mr. burr .
narrowing the penalty in this fashion would clearly reduce whatever deterrent effect it now has .
and that , in turn , would only strengthen the argument of those who oppose execution under any circumstances .
he could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the dow jones offer .
dow jones has offered to pay $ 18 a share , or about $ 576 million , for the remaining telerate stake .
the offer will expire at 5 p. m. est on nov. 6 , unless extended again .
robert kornreich , an attorney for the telerate holders , told judge hartnett the dow jones offer is '' arrogant '' and '' hostile . ''
he accused dow jones of '' using unfair means to obtain the stock at an unfair price . ''
he also contended that the plaintiffs failed to cite any legal authority that would justify such an injunction .
telerate provides information about financial markets through an electronic network .
dow jones publishes the wall street journal , barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
japan 's exports of cars , trucks and buses declined 2.4 % to 535,322 units in september from a year earlier , the japan automobile manufacturers association said .
the association attributed the drop to a trend among auto makers to move manufacturing operations overseas .
with the exception of august , when exports rose 2.1 % , exports have declined every month from year - earlier levels since march .
separately , lone star technologies said the bankruptcy court granted lone star steel an extension until year end on its exclusive period to present a reorganization plan .
the 120 - day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday .
under chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
nothing was going to hold up the long - delayed settlement of britton vs. thomasini .
not even an earthquake .
the walls shook ; the building rocked .
for a while , it looked like the deal - - not to mention the courtroom itself - - was on the verge of collapse . ''
i said , ` now ? '
i was shaking the whole time . ''
a 10 - gallon water cooler had toppled onto the floor , soaking the red carpeting .
lights flickered on and off ; plaster dropped from the ceiling , the walls still shook and an evacuation alarm blared outside .
the four lawyers climbed out from under a table . ''
let 's close the door , '' said the judge as he climbed to his bench .
and the lawyers were just as eager as the judge to wrap it up . ''
we were never going to get these insurance companies to agree again , '' says john v. trump , a san francisco defense lawyer in the case .
indeed , the insurance adjusters had already bolted out of the courtroom .
the lawyers went to work anyway , duly noting that the proceeding was taking place during a major earthquake .
ten minutes later , it was done .
for the record , jeffrey kaufman , an attorney for fireman 's fund , said he was '' rattled - - both literally and figuratively . '' ''
my belief is always , if you 've got a settlement , you read it into the record . ''
says judge jenkins , now known in his courthouse as '' shake 'em down jenkins . ''
the insurance adjusters think differently . ''
edison brothers stores inc. said it agreed to buy 229 foxmoor women 's apparel stores from foxmoor specialty stores corp. , a unit of dylex ltd. of toronto .
terms weren ' t disclosed .
edison said the acquired stores would be integrated into its current operations .
your oct. 4 front page noted that british lawyers have to wear wigs in court and that these wigs are made from horses ` tails .
do you think the british know something that we don ' t ?
yale jay lubkin owings , md. .
applause for '' sometimes , talk is the best medicine , '' in your oct. 5 marketplace section .
indeed , the '' art of doctoring '' does contribute to better health results and discourages unwarranted malpractice litigation .
even brief conversations can show caring and trust , and need not restrict the efficiency of the communication or restrain the doctor 's earnings .
the issue is far - reaching .
right now , the american populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
that amounts to more than $ 350 billion a year .
so we all stand to benefit if patient - physician relations become a '' partnership . ''
richard h. senn president north american physicians insurance risk retention group des moines , iowa chrysler corp. .
in an interview with the trade journal automotive news , mr. iacocca declined to say which plants will close or when chrysler will make the moves .
but he said , '' we have too many plants in our system .
so the older or most inefficient capacity has got to go . ''
chrysler has had to temporarily close the st. louis and toledo plants recently because of excess inventories of vehicles built there .
but mr. iacocca 's remarks are the most specific indication to date of how many plants could be in jeopardy .
already chrysler has closed the kenosha , wis. , plant it acquired when it bought american motors corp. in 1987 .
revco reacted cautiously , saying the plan would add $ 260 million of new debt to the highly leveraged company .
revco insists that the proposal is simply an '' expression of interest , '' because under chapter 11 revco has '' exclusivity rights '' until feb. 28 .
those rights prevent anyone other than revco from proposing a reorganization plan .
also under chapter 11 , a reorganization plan is subject to approval by bondholders , banks and other creditors .
a financial adviser for revco bondholders , david schulte , of chilmark partners , had mixed reactions to the offer .
however , the group is offering to pay off bondholders in cash only - - $ 260.5 million - - and no equity .
revco received the offer oct. 20 , but issued a response yesterday only after a copy of the proposal was made public by bondholders .
acadia partners limited partnership , a fort worth , texas , partnership that includes the robert m. bass group , made the proposal .
mr. bass is based in fort worth .
analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
if bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said jeffrey stein , an analyst at mcdonald _ and _ co. , cleveland .
sales were $ 597.8 million , up 2.4 % from the previous year .
acadia partners and the bass group declined to comment .
the partnership also includes american express co. , equitable life assurance society of the u.s. and shearson lehman hutton inc. .
the offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
he said he has not met with representatives from acadia .
any reorganization proposal , mr. sells said , is difficult to assess because it must be agreed upon by the company , bondholders , banks and other creditors .
revco has $ 1.5 billion in claims outstanding . ''
it 's not like the board can decide '' by itself , mr. sells said , adding , '' we 're indifferent to -lrb- the bass -rrb- plan .
we just want a plan that satisfies creditors and at the end leaves a healthy revco . ''
but mr. schulte , the bondholders ` adviser , said revco was dragging its feet in responding to the proposal . ''
they want to pretend it doesn ' t exist , '' he said .
mr. schulte , who met with acadia representatives on oct. 10 , said , '' it 's certainly a responsible offer .
it 's not an effort to steal the company '' in the middle of the night .
copper futures prices failed to extend friday 's rally .
declines came because of concern that demand for copper may slow down .
the december contract was down three cents a pound , settling at $ 1.1280 , which was just above the day 's low of $ 1.1270 .
futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
two of the major factors buoying prices , the prolonged strikes at the highland valley mine in canada and the cananea mine in mexico , were finally resolved .
the mint purchases were at premiums about 4 1 / 2 cents a pound above the respective prices for the copper .
at the time merchants were asking for premiums of about five cents a pound .
all this has led to prolonged selling in futures , mostly on the part of computer - guided funds .
prices fell through levels regarded as important support areas , which added to the selling .
the reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
demand from japan is expected to continue strong , but not from other areas of the world into the first quarter of next year , '' he said .
japan normally depends heavily on the highland valley and cananea mines as well as the bougainville mine in papua new guinea .
recently , japan has been buying copper elsewhere .
but as highland valley and cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as japan 's suppliers .
the bougainville mine is generally expected to remain closed until at least the end of the year .
it hasn ' t been operating since may 15 because of attacks by native landowners .
a recent attempt to resume operations was cut short quickly by these attacks .
however , traders disregarded a potential production disruption in chile and a continued drop in inventories .
the mines produced a total of 110,000 tons of copper in 1988 .
another analyst said that , if there was any concern , it was that a strike could encourage other walkouts in chile .
london metal exchange copper inventories fell 550 tons last week to 83,950 tons , a smaller - than - expected decline .
but that development also had little effect on traders ` sentiment .
mr. demler said that stocks of copper in u.s. producers ` hands at the end of september were down 16,000 metric tons from august to 30,000 tons .
outside the u.s. , he said , producer stocks at the end of august were 273,000 tons , down 3,000 tons from the end of july .
the high point of foreigners ` copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of april , according to mr. demler .
buying by the soviets has helped to prop up corn prices in recent weeks , but a lack of any new purchases kept prices in the doldrums .
coffee : futures prices rose slightly in a market filled with rumors that a new international coffee agreement might still be achieved .
the december contract ended with a gain of 1.29 cents a pound at 74.35 cents .
these reports were later denied by a high brazilian official , who said brazil wasn ' t involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
the minister was also quoted as saying that a new pact could be achieved during the first half of next year , according to the analyst .
precious metals : futures prices showed modest changes in light trading volume .
december delivery gold eased 40 cents an ounce to $ 380.80 .
december silver was off 3.7 cents an ounce at $ 5.2830 .
january platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
the market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst .
last week 's uncertainty in the stock market and a weaker dollar triggered a flight to safety , he said , but yesterday the market lacked such stimuli .
there was some profit - taking because prices for all the precious metals had risen to levels at which there was resistance to further advance , he said .
the dollar was also slightly firmer and prompted some selling , as well , according to the analyst .
the forest - products concern currently has about 38 million shares outstanding .
in yesterday 's composite trading on the new york stock exchange , louisiana - pacific shares closed at $ 39.25 , down 37.5 cents .
their only doubt concerned the possibility that mr. gorbachev might not survive the opposition that his reforms would arouse and that the whole process might be reversed .
indeed , the soviet miners strike this summer clearly demonstrated that mr. gorbachev must proceed with economic reform .
but is he so clever that he has achieved the political equivalent of making water run uphill ?
and has he truly persuaded the communist party to accept economic change of a kind that will , sooner or later , lead to its demise ?
before becoming self - employed , or setting up a cooperative , workers must seek permission from the local soviet -lrb- council -rrb- .
permission is far from automatic : the soviets have the legal right to turn down applications and impose conditions , and they appear to be exercising these powers .
private dressmaking , for example , is allowed in 10 soviet republics but banned by five ; shoemaking is allowed in seven but illegal in nine .
the controls on cooperatives appeared relatively liberal when first introduced .
if mr. gorbachev is looking toward unleashing the productive forces of the market , these latest resolutions are nothing short of reckless .
mr. gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
they , too , promised to combine economic efficiency with order and discipline .
- - published this spring . ''
this unification was to be brought about through policies and institutions that would unite workers and employers with government in a fully integrated and '' harmonic '' society .
by contrast , a parliamentary system based on abstract political rights and groups was held to cause , rather than resolve , conflict .
the closeness of soviet perestroika to the fascist social blueprint of mussolini was evident when mr. gorbachev presented his economic vision to the soviet congress .
in doing so , he neither rejected a socialist planned economy nor embraced the free market .
the latter would be undertaken by '' enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
these would not function independently , but would act together to form '' combines , unions and associations '' to tackle problems and coordinate their activities .
the soviet communist party has the power to shape corporate development and mold it into a body dependent upon it .
however , mr. gorbachev must ensure that within this '' alliance '' the business sector remains subordinate to the party .
at the same time , he must give it sufficient freedom to provide the economic benefits so desperately needed .
it is the promise of economic returns that is supposed to make the corporatist model attractive to both the party and labor .
the work force provides the third arm of the '' alliance . ''
at the same time , the strategy requires that he deal effectively with those who seek genuine western - style political pluralism .
the most important development in mr. gorbachev 's policy for marginalizing the opposition movement is the claim that the u.s.s.r. also suffers from terrorism .
it is possible that , in perpetuating such myths , the ground is being laid for the arrest of opposition activists on the ground of terrorism .
- - - miss brady is deputy director of the russian research foundation in london .
through the first nine months of the year , the unadjusted total of all new construction was $ 199.6 billion , flat compared with a year earlier .
the south was off 2 % after the first nine months , while the north central region was up 3 % .
the northeast and west regions were unchanged .
the seasonally adjusted dodge index reached 175 in september , its highest level this year , from 162 in august .
the index uses a base of 100 in 1982 .
newly contracted residential work edged up 2 % in september to an annualized $ 121.2 billion , largely because multifamily building rebounded from a very weak august . ''
housing has been weak all year and especially so in the past five months .
contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in september to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
commercial and industrial construction rose sharply , partly because of three large projects , each expected to cost more than $ 100 million .
institutional building , such as hospitals and schools , eased in september following a surge in august .
- - - @ a - sept. '89 seasonally @ construction adjusted % @ contract val .
change from @ -lrb- 000,000 -rrb- prev .
month @ nonresidential bldg. ... . .
$ 100,822 + 10 @ residential building ... . .
121,199 + 2 @ non - building constr ... ... 52,215 + 18 @ total construction ... . .
274,236 + 8 a - monthly construction contract values are reported on an annualized , seasonally adjusted basis .
@ 9 months 9 months cumu - @ 1989 1988 lative @ -lrb- 000,000 -rrb- -lrb- 000,000 -rrb- % chg @ nonresidential bldg. ... .
$ 69,585 $ 68,659 + 1 @ residential building ... .
93,128 92,943 ... @ non - building constr ... . .
36,900 37,989 - 3 @ total construction ... .
moody 's also confirmed the prime - 1 rating , its highest , on cs first boston 's commercial paper , or short - term corporate ious .
about $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to moody 's .
a spokesman for cs first boston said : '' we remain committed to a full range of businesses , including merchant banking .
we think that the ratings revision is unfortunate but not unexpected .
our commitment to manage these businesses profitably will continue . ''
first boston incurred millions of dollars of losses on campeau securities it owned as well as on special securities it couldn ' t sell .
first boston financings for several other highly leveraged clients , including ohio mattress , unraveled as the high - risk junk bond market plummeted .
these two exposures alone represent a very substantial portion of cs first boston 's equity , '' moody 's said . ''
total merchant banking exposures are in excess of the firm 's equity . ''
quotron systems inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months . ''
quotron , which citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
quotron also provides trading and other systems , services for brokerage firms , and communications - network services .
the job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are '' a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
and oct. 24 , quotron said it will market the automated trading system of broker - dealer chapdelaine government securities inc. .
but citicorp '' does view quotron -rrb- as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990 s , '' the analyst added .
terms weren ' t disclosed .
a final ratings tally from a.c. nielsen co. is due today .
the network had been expected to have losses of as much as $ 20 million on baseball this year .
it isn ' t clear how much those losses may widen because of the short series .
abc had based its budget for baseball on a six - game series .
a network spokesman wouldn ' t comment , and abc sports officials declined to be interviewed .
cbs sports president neal pilson has conceded only that cbs will have a loss in the first year .
the series typically is among the highest - rated sports events on television .
abc 's hurdle was even higher this year with two teams from the same area .
the series got off to a lukewarm start oct. 14 with a 16.2 % rating ; the next night it drew 17.4 % of homes .
then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
some people had hoped abc 's ratings would go up because of the intense focus on the event in the aftermath of the earthquake .
an analyst 's opinion to that effect even sent capital cities / abc shares soaring two weeks ago .
but interest instead decreased .
the third game , last friday night , drew a disappointing 17.5 rating .
bargain hunters helped stock prices break a weeklong losing streak while bond prices and the dollar inched higher .
the dow jones industrial average gained 6.76 points to 2603.48 in light trading after losing more than 92 points last week .
bond prices continued to edge higher in anticipation of more news showing a slower economy .
although the dollar rose slightly against most major currencies , the focus in currency markets was on the beleaguered british pound , which gained slightly against the dollar .
trading volume on the new york stock exchange dwindled to only 126.6 million shares yesterday as major brokerage firms continued to throw in the towel on program trading .
yet that didn ' t eliminate program trading from the market .
but interest waned as the day wore on and investors looked ahead to the release later this week of two important economic reports .
the first is wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in october .
the other is friday 's measure of october employment , an indicator of the broader economy 's health .
both are expected to show continued sluggishness , which would be good for bonds and bad for stocks .
in major market activity : stock prices rose in light trading .
but declining issues on the new york stock exchange outnumbered gainers 774 to 684 , and broader market indexes were virtually unchanged .
bond prices crept higher .
the treasury 's benchmark 30 - year bond gained about an eighth of a point , or about $ 1.25 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
the yield on the issue slipped to 7.92 % .
in late new york trading the dollar was quoted at 1.8340 marks and 141.90 yen , compared with 1.8300 marks and 141.65 yen friday .
the british pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose monday to $ 1.5820 from friday 's $ 1.5795 .
now , the personal - computer revolution is finally reaching japan .
in april , the long - term credit bank linked its computers in tokyo with its three american offices .
overall , pc sales in japan in the first half of 1989 were 34 % higher than in the year - earlier period .
we have too many people in our home offices , '' says yoshio hatakeyama , the president of the japan management association . ''
productivity in japanese offices is relatively low . ''
but it also offers opportunities ; americans are well poised to supply the weapons .
japan may be a tough market for outsiders to penetrate , and the u.s. is hopelessly behind japan in certain technologies .
but for now , at least , americans are far better at making pcs and the software that runs them .
after years of talking about selling in japan , more and more u.s. companies are seriously pouring in .
apple computer inc. has doubled its staff here over the past year .
lotus development corp. has slashed the lag between u.s. and japan product introductions to six months from three years .
ungermann - bass inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in japan than at home .
but the japanese have to go a long way to catch up .
typical is one office of the ministry of international trade and industry 's machinery and information industries bureau - - the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry . ''
personal computer '' yearbooks are lined up on nearly every desk , and dog - eared copies of nikkei computer crowd magazine racks .
but amid the two dozen bureaucrats and secretaries sits only one real - life pc .
japanese office workers use pcs at half the rate of their european counterparts and one - third that of the americans .
moreover , japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than american offices do .
in the u.s. , pcs commonly perform many tasks and plug into a broad network .
in japan , many desktop terminals are limited to one function and can ' t communicate with other machines .
the market planning and sales promotion office of nomura securities co. , for example , has more than 30 computers for its 60 workers , a respectable ratio .
but the machines aren ' t on employees ` desks ; they ring the perimeter of the large office .
some machines make charts for presentations .
others analyze the data .
to transfer information from one to the other , employees make printouts and enter the data manually .
to transmit charts to branch offices , they use a fax machine .
in an efficient setup , the same pc could perform all those tasks .
in the u.s. , more than half the pc software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis , according to lotus .
in japan , those functions account for only about a third of the software market .
machines dedicated solely to word processing , which have all but disappeared in the u.s. , are still more common in japan than pcs .
in the u.s. , one - fifth of the office pcs are hooked up to some sort of network .
in japan , about 1 % are linked . ''
of course , simply buying computers doesn ' t always solve problems , and many american companies have erred by purchasing technology they didn ' t understand .
but healthy skepticism is only a small reason for japan 's pc lag .
various cultural and economic forces have suppressed demand .
top japanese executives often make decisions based on consensus and personal relationships rather than complex financial projections and fancy presentations .
and japan 's management system makes it hard to impose a single , integrated computer system corporatewide .
until recently , much of the necessary technology has been unavailable or at least unaffordable .
some analysts estimate the average pc costs about 50 % more in japan than the u.s. .
but the complex language isn ' t the only reason .
for the past decade , nec corp. has owned more than half the japanese pc market and ruled it with near - monopoly power .
with little competition , the computer industry here is inefficient .
the u.s. market , too , is dominated by a giant , international business machines corp. .
but early on , ibm offered its basic design to anybody wanting to copy it .
dozens of small companies did , swiftly establishing a standard operating system .
that is the state of japan 's computer industry .
meanwhile , the big players haven ' t tried to copy the nec standard .
corporate pride as well as the close ties common among japanese manufacturers help explain why .
most rivals '' have a working relationship with nec , often through cross - licensing of technology , '' the japan personal computer software association noted recently . ''
they hesitate to market nec - compatible machines ; nec disapproves of such machines , and marketing one would jeopardize their relationship . ''
the result , according to many analysts , is higher prices and less innovation .
while tens of thousands of software packages using the ibm standard are available in the u.s. , they say only about 8,000 are written for nec .
a year ago , japan 's fair trade commission warned nec about possible violations of anti - monopoly laws for discouraging retailers from discounting .
there are no price wars , no competition . ''
an nec spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the u.s. .
she adds that some technological advances trail those in the u.s. because the japanese still import basic operating systems from american companies .
but the market is changing .
the government is funding several projects to push pc use .
over the next three years , public schools will get 1.5 million pcs , a 15 - fold increase from current levels .
in the private sector , practically every major company is setting explicit goals to increase employees ` exposure to computers .
managers have long been those who supervise their subordinates so orders would be properly acted on , '' a spokesman says . ''
meanwhile , more computer makers now are competing for the new business .
seiko epson corp. , a newcomer to the industry , fought off a legal challenge and started selling nec clones last year .
it has won about 15 % of the retail pc market .
in a country where elbow room is scarce , laptop machines will take a large portion of the industry 's future growth .
many of the companies are even dropping their traditional independence and trying to band together to create some sort of standard .
two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the microsoft corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the american ibm at standard .
a healthy , coherent japanese market could also make it far easier for japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
but it could also help american companies , which also are starting to try to open the market .
as with many other goods , the american share of japan 's pc market is far below that in the rest of the world .
u.s. makers have under 10 % share , compared with half the market in europe and 80 % at home .
though no formal trade barriers exist , the japanese computer industry is difficult for outsiders to enter . ''
his company , without any major effort , sells more machines in china than in japan .
and because general retail centers such as computerland have little presence in japan , sales remain in the iron grip of established computer makers .
but the americans are also to blame .
they long made little effort here .
apple didn ' t introduce a kanji machine - - one that handles the chinese characters of written japanese - - until three years after entering the market .
critics also say american companies charge too much .
japan 's ftc says it is investigating apple for allegedly discouraging retailers from discounting .
but the u.s. companies are redoubling their efforts .
apple recently hired its first japanese president , luring away an official of toshiba 's european operations , as well as a whole japanese top - management team .
earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
ibm just last year started selling its first machine that could run in both japanese and english and that substantially enhances compatibility with its american products . ''
but it 's an enormous business opportunity . ''
by contrast , surgical abortion is 99 % effective .
abortion via the pill is far more of an ordeal than conventional surgical abortion .
nausea and vomiting are other common side effects .
timing is of the essence with ru - 486 .
that is typically about a three - week window .
so far , all the studies have concluded that ru - 486 is '' safe . ''
no one has researched the long - term effects of ru - 486 on a woman 's health or fertility .
the drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .
some women clearly have no trouble eventually conceiving again : the studies have reported repeaters in their programs .
but there are no scientific data on this question .
rather ominously , rabbit studies reveal that ru - 486 can cause birth defects , lancet , the british medical journal , reported in 1987 .
all the published studies recommend that women on whom the drug proves ineffective not carry the pregnancy to term but undergo a surgical abortion .
a risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the u.s. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of ru - 486 .
one might well ask : why bother with this drug at all ?
some abortion advocates have been asking themselves this very question .
many physicians have expressed concern over the heavy bleeding , which occurs even if the drug fails to induce an abortion .
the health and human services department currently forbids the national institutes of health from funding abortion research as part of its $ 8 million contraceptive program .
following the feminist and population - control lead has been a generally bovine press .
a june 1988 article in mother jones magazine is typical of the general level of media ignorance . ''
it also means she will never have to know whether she had actually been pregnant . ''
wrong on all counts , miss fraser .
ru - 486 is being administered in france only under strict supervision in the presence of a doctor .
-lrb- roussel reportedly has every pill marked and accounted for to make sure none slips into the black market . -rrb-
no doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
many women may even see the dead embryo they have expelled , a sight the surgical - abortion industry typically spares them .
at seven weeks , an embryo is about three - fourths of an inch long and recognizably human .
-lrb- remember the dalkon shield and the early birth - control pills ? -rrb-
- - - mrs. allen is a senior editor of insight magazine .
this article is adapted from one in the october american spectator .
more than half of the '' newly found '' net exports were from just a few service - sector categories .
nearly 10 years ago , representatives of service - sector companies worked out a plan with the commerce department to improve the data on service - sector exports .
the monthly '' trade deficit '' figure is limited to traditional merchandise trade : manufactured goods and raw materials .
these revised figures also may explain some of the recent strength of the dollar .
the materially smaller trade deficit may have been already discounted in the market .
what does this mean for trade policy ?
too early to tell , but a trade deficit that is significantly smaller than we imagined does suggest a review of our trade posture .
- - - mr. freeman is an executive vice president of american express .
the failure to obtain financing doesn ' t by itself constitute a breach .
the buy - out group is also entitled to $ 16 million to repay a fund created by the pilots union for an employee stock ownership plan .
a spokesman for the buy - out group wasn ' t immediately available for comment .
wall street continued to buckle under the public outcry against computer - driven program trading .
many investors blame program trading for wild swings in the stock market , including the 190 - point plunge in the dow jones industrial average on oct. 13 .
a specialist is an exchange member designated to maintain a fair and orderly market in a specified stock .
the decision by merrill , the nation 's largest securities firm , represents the biggest retreat yet from program trading .
most wall street firms , in pulling back , have merely stopped such trading for their own accounts .
merrill has been one of the main firms executing index arbitrage for customers .
in stock - index arbitrage , traders buy and sell large amounts of stocks with offsetting trades in stock - index futures and options .
the idea is to lock in profits from short - term swings in volatile markets .
just a week ago , mr. carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
we were following the trend of our competitors who were under pressure from institutions , '' he said .
most of kidder 's program trading is for its own account , according to the new york stock exchange .
kidder denied that ge 's chairman and chief executive , john f. welch , had anything to do with kidder 's decision .
kidder has generally been sensitive to suggestions that ge makes decisions for its kidder unit . ''
our decision had nothing to do with any pressure mr. welch received , '' mr. carpenter said . ''
this was a kidder peabody stand - alone decision . ''
supporters of index arbitrage haven ' t been publicly sticking up for the trading strategy , as some did during the post - crash outcry of 1987 .
but merrill lynch , in its statement about pulling out of index arbitrage , suggested that the current debate has missed the mark .
merrill said it continues to believe that '' the causes of excess market volatility are far more complex than any particular computer trading strategy .
meanwhile , bear stearns chairman and chief executive alan c. greenberg said his firm will continue stock - index arbitrage for its clients .
at the firm 's annual meeting last night , he told shareholders that index arbitrage won ' t go away , despite the public outcry . ''
it 's not going to stop it at all . ''
in response to a shareholder 's suggestion , mr. greenberg agreed that european firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by u.s. institutions .
pressure from big institutional investors has been the major catalyst for wall street 's program - trading pullback .
a fidelity spokesman in boston denied the speculation , saying the program - trading issue was more of a regulatory problem .
usaa , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market .
michael j.c. roth , usaa executive vice president , called program trading '' mindless . ''
he said there is '' no valid investment reason '' for stock - index futures to exist .
a program - bashing move is clearly on .
-lcb- wall street -rcb- is beginning to realize - - as shakespeare said - - the trouble is not in our stars , but in ourselves . ''
- - - craig torres and anne newman contributed to this article .
the cup had been insured , and in short order it was given over to a chubb _ and _ son representative .
the original owners happily repaid the claim and took their kylix home .
the curator , 27 - year - old sherman krisher of greenwich , conn. , had worked his way up from janitor in seven years at the museum .
the theft was discovered early this year , soon after ms. hammond took her post .
sentencing was postponed on aug. 18 , when mr. krisher was hospitalized for depression .
his efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
but on oct. 6 , he had reason to celebrate .
instead , new york city police seized the stolen goods , and mr. krisher avoided jail .
he was sentenced to 500 hours of community service and restitution to the museum of $ 45,000 .
valued at $ 1.3 million , it was part of a four - crate shipment .
although heathrow authorities have been watching a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers for some time , the gauguin may be '' lost . ''
chief inspector peter seacomb of the criminal investigation department at the airport said , '' it is not uncommon for property to be temporarily mislaid or misrouted . ''
officials at the university of virginia art museum certainly would agree .
their museum had purchased an attic black - figured column krater and shipped it from london .
it was reported stolen in transit en route to washington , d.c. , in february .
months later , the greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through nairobi .
about 140 mayan , aztec , mixtec and zapotec objects , including some of mexico 's best - known archaeological treasures , were taken .
the government offered a reward for the return of the antiquities , but routine police work led to the recovery .
as it turned out , carlos perches trevino and ramon sardina garcia had hidden the haul in a closet in the perches family 's home for a year .
then they took the art to acapulco and began to trade some of it for cocaine .
information from an arrested drug trafficker led to the two men and the recovery of almost all the stolen art .
the artist 's melancholy subjects bring high prices on the world market , and the u.s. state department notified ifar of the theft in february 1988 .
no charges were brought against her .
he painted one himself in the style of john haberle and sold it as a 19 th - century original to antique dealers in woodbridge , conn. .
the dealers immediately showed their new acquisition to an expert and came to see it as a fake .
they persuaded mr. trotter to take it back and , with the help of the fbi , taped their conversation with him .
after his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the eastern seaboard .
- - - ms. lowenthal is executive director of the international foundation for art research -lrb- ifar -rrb- .
ford motor co. said it is recalling about 3,600 of its 1990 - model escorts because the windshield adhesive was improperly applied to some cars .
mazda makes the tracer for ford .
when properly applied , the adhesive is designed to retain the windshield in place in a crash test at 30 miles per hour .
a ford spokesman said the dearborn , mich. , auto maker isn ' t aware of any injuries caused by the windshield problem .
ford said owners should return the cars to dealers so the windshields can be removed and securely reinstalled .
they said the problems aren ' t safety related .
both companies will replace the oil filler cap with a ventilated oil filler cap .
both also will inspect and replace , if necessary , oil filters and oil strainers , at no charge to owners .
ford said the term on its warranty is already six years or 60,000 miles .
separately , ford said it will offer $ 750 cash rebates to buyers of its 1990 - model ford bronco sport utility vehicle .
it said it will also offer buyers the option of financing as low as 6.9 % on 24 - month loans .
ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .
ford said the new offer will begin saturday and run indefinitely .
it recently reported assets of $ 2.4 billion and liabilities of $ 4 billion .
the ruling also may determine how quickly ltv is able to complete its chapter 11 reorganization .
ltv filed for protection under chapter 11 in federal bankruptcy court in 1986 .
the filing was partly the result of the $ 2.3 billion shortfall in ltv 's three pension plans operated for its ltv steel co. subsidiary 's employees .
in january 1987 , as ltv steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three ltv pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
because the federal pension agency had taken over the old plans , ltv would be responsible only for benefits paid under the new pension plans .
the agency also concluded that ltv 's financial status had improved while it was under reorganization .
in september 1987 , it ordered ltv to reassume liability and funding for the three original plans .
in may , a federal appeals court in new york agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
the company hasn ' t been able to come up with a reorganization plan , in part , because of the sizable disagreement with the pension agency .
-lrb- pension benefit guaranty corp. vs. ltv corp. -rrb- the commercial was absolutely silent .
due to the earthquake in san francisco , nissan is donating its commercial air time to broadcast american red cross emergency relief messages .
please contribute what you can , '' the ad said .
within two hours , viewers pledged over $ 400,000 , according to a red cross executive .
call it disaster marketing .
nissan motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating san francisco quake and hurricane hugo .
sometimes , the ads attempt to raise money ; always , they try to boost good will .
by advertising disaster relief , these companies are hoping to don a white hat and come out a hero .
but the strategy can backfire ; if the ads appear too self - serving , the companies may end up looking like rank opportunists instead of good samaritans .
that hasn ' t deterred plenty of companies .
along with nissan , grand metropolitan plc 's burger king and new york life insurance have tied ads to red cross donations .
what did we get out of it ?
we got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
the ads are just the latest evidence of how television advertising is getting faster on the draw .
they trotted out another crop of instant commercials after the sudden market dip a few weeks ago .
nissan created its quake ad in a weekend .
but as advertisers latch onto disasters with increasing frequency , they risk hurting themselves as much as helping the cause .
they chance alienating the customers they hope to woo by looking like opportunistic sharks . ''
we don ' t consider that ambulance chasing . ''
the companies running the disaster ads certainly don ' t see themselves as ambulance chasers , either .
barry felt very committed .
he felt we should be giving something back . ''
new york life has been doing the same for over 140 years . ''
nancy craig , advertising manager for the red cross , readily admits '' they 're piggybacking on our reputation . ''
but she has no problem with that , she says : '' in the meanwhile , they 're helping us . ''
the account had previously been handled by saatchi _ and _ saatchi wegener , new york .
n w ayer , the new york agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .
no alcohol : miller brewing co. will introduce its first non - alcoholic beer jan. 1 .
the brew , called miller sharp 's , will be supported by ads developed by frankenberry , laughlin _ and _ constable , milwaukee .
the high court 's action , refusing to hear appeals by several drug companies , is likely to have a significant impact at several levels .
the lawsuits stemmed from the development of cancer and other problems in the daughters of women who took the drug .
now that the new york decision has been left intact , other states may follow suit . ''
generally , when new york and california go one way , it has a tremendous influence on other states , especially small ones , '' said mr. rheingold .
the appeals involved des , which was approved by the food and drug administration for use from the 1940 s until 1971 to prevent miscarriages during pregnancy .
in 1971 , the fda banned the use of des after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
lawsuits over the harm caused by des have flooded federal and state courts in the past decade .
under traditional legal theories , inability to prove which company manufactured a drug that caused an injury or death would lead to the lawsuit being dismissed .
each company 's share of liability would be based on their share of the national des market .
the new york court also upheld a state law , passed in 1986 , extending for one year the statute of limitations on filing des lawsuits .
the effect is that lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one - year extension .
general dynamics appealed to the high court , backed by numerous business trade groups , arguing that the appeals court definition restricts the defense too severely .
general dynamics was sued by the families of five navy divers who were killed in 1982 after they re - entered a submarine through a diving chamber .
the accident was caused by faulty operation of a valve .
a federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
the conviction stemmed from federal charges of consumer fraud for sale of phony infant apple juice between 1978 and 1983 .
-lrb- dow chemical co. vs. greenhill -rrb- it can be hoped that spanish prime minister felipe gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory sunday .
a strong challenge from the far left , the communist coalition izquierda unida , failed to topple him .
he should consider his victory a mandate to continue his growth - oriented economic reforms and not a demand that he move further left .
if he follows the correct path , he may be able to look back on this election as the high - water mark of far - left opposition .
the far left had some good issues even if it did not have good programs for dealing with them .
it could point to plenty of ailments that the spanish economic rejuvenation so far has failed to cure .
unemployment still is officially recorded at 16.5 % , the highest rate in europe , although actual joblessness may be lower .
housing is scarce and public services - - the court system , schools , mail service , telephone network and the highways - - are in disgraceful condition .
large pockets of poverty still exist .
the left also is critical of the style of the socialist government - - a remarkable parallel to the situation in britain .
in response to this , the socialist prime minister has simply cited his free - market accomplishments .
in that time more than 1.2 million jobs have been created and the official jobless rate has been pushed below 17 % from 21 % .
a 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
net foreign investment through august this year has been running at a pace of $ 12.5 billion , about double the year - earlier rate .
mr. gonzalez also has split with the left in reaffirming spain 's nato commitment and in renewing a defense treaty with the u.s. .
mr. gonzalez is not quite a closet supply - side revolutionary , however .
he did not go as far as he could have in tax reductions ; indeed he combined them with increases in indirect taxes .
now he can go further .
he should do more to reduce tax rates on wealth and income , in recognition of the fact that those cuts yield higher , not lower , revenues .
he could do more to cut public subsidies and transfers , thus making funds available for public services starved of money for six years .
the voters delivered mr. gonzalez a third mandate for his successes .
it would be sad for mr. gonzalez to abandon them to appease his foes .
prime rate : 10 1 / 2 % .
the base rate on corporate loans at large u.s. money center commercial banks .
reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
source : fulton prebon -lrb- u.s.a. -rrb- inc. .
discount rate : 7 % .
the charge on loans to depository institutions by the new york federal reserve bank .
call money : 9 3 / 4 % to 10 % .
the charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral .
certificates of deposit : 8.09 % one month ; 8.04 % two months ; 8.03 % three months ; 7.96 % six months ; 7.92 % one year .
average of top rates paid by major new york banks on primary new issues of negotiable c.d. s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
the minimum unit is $ 100,000 .
typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.55 % three months ; 8.35 % six months .
negotiable , bank - backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order .
the average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the london market based on quotations at five major banks .
foreign prime rates : canada 13.50 % ; germany 9 % ; japan 4.875 % ; switzerland 8.50 % ; britain 15 % .
these rate indications aren ' t directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location .
federal home loan mortgage corp. -lrb- freddie mac -rrb- : posted yields on 30 - year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
source : telerate systems inc. .
federal national mortgage association -lrb- fannie mae -rrb- : posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days -lrb- priced at par -rrb- .
9.76 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6 / 2 rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
source : telerate systems inc. .
merrill lynch ready assets trust : 8.70 % .
annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
oh , that terrible mr. ortega .
conservatives are the faction in u.s. politics which always said that mr. ortega and his friends don ' t want to hold an election in nicaragua .
we suspect daniel ortega knows the difference between a blunder and a strategy .
mr. ortega understands better than those who worry about his behavior that what sustains the sandinista movement is not democratic peace , but nondemocratic unpeace .
b - week ended wednesday , october 25 , 1989 and wednesday october 18 , 1989 .
c - yields , adjusted for constant maturity .
cetus corp. said the government of spain approved the marketing of its proleukin interleukin - 2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
the biotechnology concern said spanish authorities must still clear the price for the treatment , but that it expects to receive such approval by year end .
four other countries in europe have approved proleukin in recent months .
cetus is currently trying to obtain federal regulatory clearance for u.s. distribution .
the treasury is still working out the details with bank trade associations and the other government agencies that have a hand in fighting money laundering .
among the possibilities the treasury is considering are requirements that banks keep records identifying the originators and recipients of international wire transfers .
but banks may prefer using a profile that targets selected transactions , rather than a blanket reporting requirement .
banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
but wire transfers from a standing account - - including those bigger than $ 10,000 - - aren ' t reported .
officials believe this has left a gaping loophole that illegal drug businesses are exploiting .
authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the u.s. total about $ 110 billion annually .
the american bankers association didn ' t have any comment on the plan .
the proposal now enters a 60 - day comment period , after which the treasury will propose final regulations , followed by another comment period .
yesterday the company said it had filed a request with the securities and exchange commission to withdraw the registration statement regarding the proposed swap .
a western union spokesman , citing adverse developments in the market for high - yield '' junk '' bonds , declined to say what alternatives are under consideration .
the notes became burdensome when reset provisions allowed their interest rate to be raised to 19.25 % last june .
but western union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
a genentech spokeswoman said the agreement calls for hoechst to promote tpa for heart patients and streptokinase for other clot - reducing purposes .
investors in the over - the - counter market dumped banking and insurance issues , sending the nasdaq composite index lower for the third consecutive session .
all nasdaq industry indexes finished lower , with financial issues hit the hardest .
despite some early computer - guided program buying , the nasdaq composite fell 1.39 to 451.37 .
the otc market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
the largest financial issues , as measured by the nasdaq financial index , tumbled 3.23 to 445.57 .
meanwhile , the index of the 100 biggest non - financial stocks , the nasdaq 100 , gained 0.47 to 438.15 .
profit - taking accounted for much of the slide in otc stock prices , according to david mills , senior vice president of boston company advisers .
the profit locking - in is definitely going on , '' said mr. mills , whose firm manages $ 600 million for boston co. .
that 's helping put pressure on both the market 's winners and its losers . ''
the stocks that have been the best are having big pullbacks , and the ones that have been the worst are getting clobbered , '' mr. mills said .
he expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in december .
the selling by money managers and individual investors is turning traders bearish as well . ''
the problem has been particularly damaging to the otc market , traditionally a base for the small investor .
weisfield 's surged 14 to 53 after agreeing in principle to be acquired by a unit of ratners group for $ 50 a share .
the stock jumped 9 1 / 2 friday , when the company announced it was in takeover talks .
ratners and weisfield 's said they expect to sign definitive agreements shortly and to complete the transaction by dec. 15 .
mid - state federal savings bank advanced 1 1 / 2 to 20 1 / 4 after it said it is in talks with a possible acquirer .
the bank said the talks resulted from solicitations by its financial adviser .
daimler said it has had talks with jaguar about possible joint ventures .
meanwhile , general motors and ford motor continue their pursuit of the company .
ford has acquired more than 13 % of jaguar 's shares , and gm has received u.s. regulatory clearance to buy 15 % .
showbiz pizza time gained 1 1 / 2 to 13 .
the company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
a third - quarter charge of $ 3.5 million related to planned restaurant closings resulted in a net loss for the quarter .
employers casualty , which reported a $ 53.9 million third - quarter loss late friday , fell 2 1 / 4 to 13 3 / 4 .
the loss was largely due to a $ 55.2 million addition to reserves .
employers casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
old stone fell 1 5 / 8 to 13 1 / 2 .
late friday , the company reported a loss of $ 51.3 million for the third quarter after earning $ 9.2 million a year before .
the loss came after a $ 23.3 million addition to loan - loss reserves .
the bank made a $ 4.5 million provision in the 1988 quarter .
old stone repeated projections that it will be profitable for the fourth quarter and will about break even for the year .
the bank also said it will establish a loan - loss reserve of $ 2.5 million to $ 4 million against a construction loan that is in default .
the bank , which previously said it was for sale , said it has received no offers and that its board will review whether to continue soliciting bids .
medical scientists are starting to uncover a handful of genes which , if damaged , unleash the chaotic growth of cells that characterizes cancer .
scientists say the discovery of these genes in recent months is painting a new and startling picture of how cancer develops .
an emerging understanding of the genes is expected to produce an array of new strategies for future cancer treatment and prevention .
that is for the future .
only a decade ago cancer was a black box about which we knew nothing at the molecular level .
today , we know that the accumulation of several of these altered genes can initiate a cancer and , then , propel it into a deadly state . ''
scientists call the new class of genes tumor - suppressors , or simply anti - cancer genes .
when functioning normally , they make proteins that hold a cell 's growth in check .
the newly identified genes differ from a family of genes discovered in the early 1980 s called oncogenes .
like all genes , tumor - suppressor genes are inherited in two copies , one from each parent .
either copy can make the proteins needed to control cell growth , so for cancer to arise , both copies must be impaired .
emerging genetic tests will be able to spot such cancer - susceptible individuals , ushering in what some scientists believe is a new age of predictive cancer diagnosis .
bill and bonnie quinlan are among the first beneficiaries of the new findings .
because of the isolation of the retinoblastoma tumor - suppressor gene , it became possible last january to find out what threat the quinlan baby faced .
it made our new year , '' says mr. quinlan .
this test was the first to predict reliably whether an individual could expect to develop cancer .
to date , scientists have fingered two of these cancer - suppressors .
dr. dryja made his retinoblastoma discovery in 1986 .
then last spring , researchers reported finding a gene called p 53 which , if impaired , turns healthy colon cells cancerous .
soon after that report , two other research teams uncovered evidence that the same damaged p 53 gene is present in tissue from lung and breast cancers .
colon , lung and breast cancers are the most common and lethal forms of the disease , collectively killing almost 200,000 americans a year .
right now about a dozen laboratories , in the u.s. , canada and britain , are racing to unmask other suspected tumor - suppressing genes .
they have about seven candidates .
he theorized that in the eye cancer , an infant inherited a damaged copy of a gene from one parent and a normal copy from the other .
the tumor , he suggested , developed when the second , normal copy also was damaged .
but there was no way to prove dr. knudson 's '' two - hit '' theory .
occasionally , gross chromosome damage was visible .
dr. knudson found that some children with the eye cancer had inherited a damaged copy of chromosome no. 13 from a parent who had had the disease .
under a microscope he could actually see that a bit of chromosome 13 was missing .
he assumed the missing piece contained a gene or genes whose loss had a critical role in setting off the cancer .
but he didn ' t know which gene or genes had disappeared .
then , a scientific team led by molecular geneticist webster cavenee , then at the university of utah , found the answer .
the team used a battery of the newly developed '' gene probes , '' snippets of genetic material that can track a gene 's presence in a cell .
the finding riveted medicine .
it was the first time anyone had showed that the loss of both copies of the same gene could lead to the eruption of a cancer . ''
it was extraordinarily satisfying , '' says dr. knudson , now at fox chase cancer research center in philadelphia . ''
i was convinced that what was true of retinoblastoma would be true for all cancers . ''
it was an audacious claim .
his was one of two research teams in 1984 to report dual chromosome losses for a rare childhood cancer of the kidney called wilm 's tumor .
dr. vogelstein next turned his attention to colon cancer , the second biggest cancer killer in the u.s. after lung cancer .
he believed colon cancer might also arise from multiple '' hits '' on cancer suppressor genes , because it often seems to develop in stages .
dr. vogelstein and a doctoral student , eric fearon , began months of tedious and often frustrating probing of the chromosomes searching for signs of genetic damage .
gradually , a coherent picture of cancer development emerged .
if both copies of a certain gene were knocked out , benign polyps would develop .
if both copies of a second gene were then deleted , the polyps would progress to malignancy .
it was clear that more than one gene had to be damaged for colon cancer to develop .
their report galvanized other molecular biologists . ''
but dr. vogelstein had yet to nail the identity of the gene that , if damaged , flipped a colon cell into full - blown malignancy .
they focused on chromosome 17 .
such a piece of dna would probably constitute a gene .
when they found it last winter , dr. vogelstein was dubious that the search was over .
the deletion dr. vogelstein found was in exactly the same spot as p 53 .
but mr. levine had said the p 53 gene caused cancer by promoting growth , whereas the johns hopkins scientists were looking for a gene that suppressed growth .
evidence now is emerging that the p 53 suppressor gene is involved in other cancers , too .
the p 53 gene has just been implicated in lung cancer .
there also are reports from several labs , as yet unpublished , of missing p 53 genes in tissue taken from kidney , brain and skin cancers .
at the same time , the johns hopkins team and others are rushing to pinpoint other tumor - suppressor genes .
dr. vogelstein hopes soon to isolate one on chromosome 18 , also involved in colon cancer .
dr. minna believes people who inherit a defective gene somewhere on one of their two copies of chromosome 3 are especially prone to lung cancer .
where these discoveries will lead , scientists can only speculate .
some researchers say new cancer drugs to slow or reverse tumor growth may be based on the suppressor proteins normally produced by the genes .
the idea would be to administer to patients the growth - controlling proteins made by healthy versions of the damaged genes .
it may even be possible to replace defective genes with healthy versions , though no one has come close to doing that so far .
many investors give michael foods about as much chance of getting it together as humpty dumpty .
but now at least there 's a glimmer of hope for the stock .
burger king , which breaks thousands of fresh eggs each morning , is quietly switching over to an alternative egg product made by michael foods .
known as easy eggs , the product has disappointed investors .
when the company this month announced lower - than - forecast sales of easy eggs , the stock dropped nearly 19 % .
michael won ' t confirm the identities of any easy egg customers , nor will it say much of anything else .
two minneapolis shareholder suits in the past month have accused top officers of making '' various untrue statements . ''
but at least burger king has signed on , and says that by year end it won ' t be using any shell eggs .
the miami fast - food chain , owned by grand metropolitan of britain , expects to consume roughly 34 million pounds of liquefied eggs annually .
so there is reason to believe that michael 's hopes for a bacteria - free , long - shelf - life egg weren ' t all hype .
-lrb- easy eggs are pasteurized in a heat - using process . -rrb-
still , caution is advisable .
but burger king operators independently confirm using michael 's product .
other institutional users reportedly include marriott , which is moving away from fresh eggs on a region - by - region basis .
the extent of marriott 's use isn ' t known , and marriott officials couldn ' t be reached for comment .
many analysts question management 's credibility . ''
the ceo , richard g. olson , replied '' yes , '' but wouldn ' t elaborate .
-lrb- the company didn ' t put out a public announcement .
a spokesman said later that mr. olson was being '' conservative '' in his estimate .
analyst robin young of john kinnard _ and _ co. , minneapolis , calls himself '' the last remaining bull on the stock . ''
earnings aren ' t keeping pace , he says , because of heavy investments in the egg technologies and drought - related costs in its potato business .
prospective competition is one problem .
last week a closely held new jersey concern , papetti high - grade egg products co. , rolled out an aseptically packaged liquefied item called table ready .
company president steve papetti says marriott will be among his clients as well .
michael shares closed at 13 3 / 4 yesterday in national over - the - counter trading .
says new york - based short seller mark cohodes , '' in my mind this is a $ 7 stock . ''
michael late yesterday announced a $ 3.8 million stock buy - back program .
michael , which also processes potatoes , still relies on spuds for about a fourth of its sales and nearly half its pretax profit .
but dry growing conditions in the red river valley of minnesota and north dakota are pushing spot prices of potatoes beyond what michael contracted to pay last spring .
still , analysts believe that profit margins in the potato business will be down again this year .
the printing customers that quebecor will gain through maxwell graphics include the sunday newspaper supplement parade , time , sports illustrated and tv guide .
analysts say quebecor 's purchase is part of a trend toward consolidation in the north american printing industry .
he adds : '' i think this is a great strategic move for quebecor .
they are buying an operation that is running well . ''
mr. peladeau says he isn ' t trying to catch up to donnelley , which has annual sales of over $ 3 billion . ''
size doesn ' t matter , '' mr. peladeau says . ''
what counts is the bottom line . ''
some of mr. peladeau 's ventures , including an earlier push into the u.s. market , haven ' t paid off on the bottom line .
quebecor started the philadelphia journal , a daily tabloid , in 1977 and closed it three years later .
the venture cost quebecor $ 12 million , mr. peladeau says .
more recently , some former quebecor executives started their own printing company , specializing in printing and distributing advertising circulars .
quebecor still lags in the quebec circulars market , while mr. peladeau 's former employees are expanding across canada .
the tabloid 's circulation soared to 80,000 , but plunged to under 10,000 when the la presse strike ended .
still , mr. peladeau stuck with the venture .
now the journal , flush with ads and hugely profitable , is even with la presse in weekend circulation and outsells it 3 to 2 every weekday .
mr. peladeau has never made any apologies for publishing the tabloid , a brash mix of crime and sports . ''
i 've read balzac , '' he answers critics . ''
a series of recent acquisitions made it the dominant magazine publisher in quebec .
after a recent merger , it is also the only province - wide distributor of magazines and newspapers in quebec .
finally , with maxwell communication , the company controls 54 % of donohue inc. , a quebec city pulp and paper concern .
the new , as yet unnamed , subsidiary will combine quebecor 's existing printing unit and maxwell graphics .
it will have 61 plants from coast to coast and $ 1.5 billion in annual sales .
quebecor will own 57.5 % of the new subsidiary .
the maxwell deal is quebecor 's second big printing acquisition in just over a year .
last october , quebecor bought 23 canadian printing plants from bce inc. , a montreal telecommunications , manufacturing , energy and real estate company .
that purchase doubled quebecor 's annual printing revenue to $ 750 million .
maxwell 's sale of its u.s. printing unit was expected , the last major business to be disposed of in a major reshuffling of assets .
in london trading yesterday , maxwell communication shares rose nine pence , to 216 pence -lrb- $ 3.41 -rrb- .
in montreal , quebecor 's multiple voting class a stock closed at c $ 16.375 -lrb- us $ 13.94 -rrb- , down 12.5 canadian cents .
quebecor class b stock closed at c $ 15.375 , up 62.5 canadian cents .
- - - craig forman in london contributed to this article .
the u.s. equal employment opportunity commission sued new york state for age discrimination against appointed state judges .
the suit , filed in federal court in manhattan , charges that new york 's mandatory retirement age of 76 violates federal law .
separately , the commission intervened in a connecticut state judge 's age - bias suit in federal court in new haven .
the commission 's filing in that case challenges connecticut 's mandatory retirement age of 70 for appointed judges .
the issue isn ' t age - - age is just a number .
the issue is one of a judge 's experience , his competence and his physical ability to serve on the bench , '' justice rubin said . ''
i 've had no problems performing my duties and responsibilities . ''
because justice rubin turned 76 on may 9 , he isn ' t eligible to be reappointed to the bench at the end of the year .
the suit 's impact on new york may be narrow , however .
under new york law , elected judges must retire at age 70 , but then can be appointed to two - year terms until they reach 76 .
a spokeswoman for the state 's office of court administration declined to comment on the suit .
but she said the state currently has 35 appointed judges who are over 70 .
in connecticut , however , most state judges are appointed by the governor and approved by the state legislature .
the parties in the connecticut case have agreed to stay proceedings pending the appeal of another eeoc age - bias case against vermont .
aaron ment , connecticut 's chief court administrator , declined to comment on the suit and the eeoc 's intervention .
- - - organized crime strike forces likely to be abolished next month .
the units are autonomous from u.s. attorneys ` offices and focus exclusively on prosecuting organized - crime cases .
in february , mr. thornburgh announced his plan to abolish the units .
he says the strike - force lawyers will work more efficiently under the supervision of u.s. attorneys .
the bill is expected to pass in congress next month .
congress temporarily halted mr. thornburgh 's effort with an appropriation resolution that prohibited him from using budgeted funds to implement his plan .
opponents say mr. thornburgh 's plan will needlessly break up longtime , tightly knit crime - fighting units that have successfully prosecuted major organized - crime figures .
they predict that organized - crime activity will increase once the units are dissolved and their responsibilities transferred to u.s. attorneys ` offices .
some former strike - force personnel say the units have already begun to break up .
those who have left have expressed an opinion that the strike force should continue , '' ms. brevetti says .
but mr. runkel contends there has been no exodus of strike - force lawyers .
he says 27 lawyers have left and 21 have been hired since mr. thornburgh announced his plan .
at the time the plan was announced , there were 135 lawyers .
some congressional leaders intend to continue to fight for independent strike forces .
among other things , the bill calls for a reorganization of the justice department .
the senate is expected to consider the bill shortly , says the senator 's spokesman .
mr. runkel says he doubts mr. kennedy can muster enough congressional support to reorganize the justice department . ''
we will vigorously oppose the bill , '' he says . ''
i don ' t think -lrb- the reorganization is -rrb- going to happen . ''
golenbock , with 35 lawyers , has lost several partners during the past year .
some golenbock lawyers won ' t be invited to join whitman _ and _ ransom , according to partners at both firms .
whitman _ and _ ransom managing partner maged f. riad said the golenbock recruits will enhance the firm 's corporate and litigation departments .
the woman appeared in court thursday to enter her plea , but when she started to approach the bench , she was stopped by judge hancock .
he told the woman 's lawyer , victor blaine , that the short skirt was inappropriate for a court appearance .
despite mr. blaine 's protests , the judge rescheduled her case for nov. 27 .
judge hancock didn ' t return phone calls .
earlier this year , dataproducts had rejected a $ 15 a share offer from dpc , saying it wasn ' t adequately financed .
dpc last week launched a new , $ 10 - a - share offer for the woodland hills , calif. - based computer printer maker .
dpc said it couldn ' t comment on the suit .
boeing co. 's third - quarter profit leaped 68 % , but wall street 's attention was focused on the picket line , not the bottom line .
for the third quarter , net rose to $ 242 million , or $ 1.05 a share , from $ 144 million , or 63 cents a share .
sales climbed 71 % to $ 6.36 billion from $ 3.72 billion as the company capitalized on the ravenous global demand for commercial airliners .
the investment community , however , strongly believes that the strike will be settled before there is any lasting effect on either boeing or its work force .
and the company is certain to get out some aircraft with just supervisors and other non - striking employees on hand .
that included 21 of the company 's 747 - 400 jumbo jets , its most successful product . ''
it 's not a pretty picture , '' said david smith , an analyst with raymond james _ and _ associates . ''
but it would just mean a great first and second quarter next year . ''
phillip brannon of merrill lynch capital markets added : '' you don ' t want to minimize this and say nobody is looking at it .
but the strike hasn ' t gone on long enough for boeing to lose business in any real sense . ''
in new york stock exchange composite trading , boeing closed yesterday at $ 54.50 a share , off a scant 12.5 cents .
still , boeing went through its normal verbal gymnastics and played up the downside .
in a statement , chairman frank shrontz asserted that the company '' faces significant challenges and risks , '' on both its commercial and government contracts .
suppliers and subcontractors are experiencing heightened pressure to support delivery schedules .
and , of course , there 's the unsteady labor situation .
also , a contract with the united auto workers at the company 's helicopter plant in philadelphia expired oct. 15 .
this contract , covering about 3,000 hourly production and maintenance workers , is being extended on a day - to - day basis .
on top of that , boeing would make cost - of - living adjustments projected to be 5 % for each year of the contract .
the union , though , has called the offer '' insulting . ''
the company reiterated yesterday that it 's willing to reconfigure the package , but not add to the substance of it .
sales soared 28 % to $ 15.43 billion from $ 12.09 billion .
the settlement relates to four contracts negotiated from 1982 to 1985 , prosecutors said .
a boeing spokesman responded : '' all along the company has said there was no grounds for criminal prosecution .
that was borne out by the justice department 's decision '' to settle the case .
at least two rival applications are expected to emerge in coming months , including one from transcanada pipelines ltd. , canada 's largest natural gas pipeline operator .
foothills ` main rival to build a mackenzie delta pipeline is likely to be transcanada pipelines .
this is virgin territory , unclaimed , and it 's going to be nasty , '' said one observer , who asked not to be named . ''
neither is going to back down easily . ''
transcanada declined to comment on the foothills application .
a number of issues still need to be resolved before canadian regulators give any project the final go - ahead .
first , the price of natural gas will have to almost double .
robert pierce , chairman and chief executive of foothills , said it 's too early to say whether alaskan or mackenzie delta gas would flow to market first .
but foothills said it plans to seek regulatory approval to build an alternative line , the alaska natural gas transportation system further north toward alaska .
if that option is favored by gas buyers and regulators , foothills said it would build another smaller pipeline connecting mackenzie delta reserves to the alaska mainline .
it 's also likely that regulators will try to forge some kind of consensus between the would - be pipeline builders before undertaking any hearings into rival projects .
few petitions , however , have actually delayed or scuttled mergers .
the current dispute involves allegations that charlotte , n.c. - based first union hasn ' t lived up to its responsibilities under the reinvestment act .
during the summer , legal services corp. , a florida legal aid group , filed a petition with the fed on behalf of residents in four florida counties .
first union , with assets of about $ 32 billion , said it was disappointed by the delay but said it would cooperate with regulatory authorities .
the bank added that it believes the review will '' demonstrate that first union is in compliance with the requirements of the community reinvestment act . ''
the company has already missed its initial oct. 1 target date for completing the merger .
it said yesterday it still expects to close the acquisition later this year or early in 1990 .
florida national , if acquired , would almost double first union 's banking franchise in florida to $ 17 billion in assets .
in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday , first union shares rose 25 cents to $ 23 .
florida national stock closed unchanged at $ 25.875 in national over - the - counter trading .
at the time , the fed said the denial , the first ever on such grounds , signaled the agency 's new emphasis on the community reinvestment act .
the consultants had been working to finish a report this week .
the committee intends to meet next week to make a recommendation on the new plan .
texas air has run into difficulty reselling about $ 20 million of debt securities because of problems in the junk bond market , the person said .
and plans to raise another $ 20 million through changes to an insurance policy have hit a snag , the source said .
an eastern spokesman said '' the $ 40 million will have no effect whatsoever on the asset structure of eastern 's plan .
forty million in the total scheme of things is not that significant . ''
it is unclear what caused the creditors to do an about - face on exploring alternatives to eastern 's new reorganization plan .
however , since eastern first filed for chapter 11 protection march 9 , it has consistently promised to pay creditors 100 cents on the dollar .
ernst _ and _ young said eastern 's plan would miss projections by $ 100 million .
goldman said eastern would miss the same mark by at least $ 120 million .
the consultants maintained eastern wouldn ' t generate the cash it needs and would have to issue new debt to meet its targets under the plan .
eastern at the time disputed those assessments and called the experts ` report '' completely off base . ''
he said only that the committee has not yet taken any position on eastern 's reorganization plan and that the two sides were still negotiating . ''
in every case , people would like to see a consentual plan , '' he said .
eastern eventually decided not to sell off a major chunk , its south american routes , which were valued at $ 400 million .
such a change meant the reorganization plan the creditors had agreed on was no longer valid , and the two sides had to begin negotiating again .
yields for tax - exempt bonds range from 6 1 / 2 % in 1990 to 7.88 % in 2003 - 2005 .
yields for taxable bonds range from 9 1 / 8 % in 1994 to 9.90 % in 2009 and 2010 .
the bonds are all rated single - a by moody 's investors service inc. .
the underwriters expect a single - a - minus rating from standard _ and _ poor 's corp. , which has the issue under review .
@ mortgages collateralized mortgage securities corp. - - $ 150 million of remic mortgage securities offered in 12 classes by first boston corp. .
the offering , series 1989 - 3 , is by a company established by first boston for issuing remics and other derivative mortgage securities .
@ asset - backed beneficial corp. - - $ 248.3 million of securities backed by home - equity loans through merrill lynch capital markets .
the issue has an expected final maturity date of 1998 .
the offering is being made through bci home equity loan asset - backed certificates , series 1989 - 1 .
rochester community savings bank - - $ 200 million of 8.85 % certificates backed by automobile loans priced to yield 8.99 % via first boston corp. .
the offering has an expected average life of 1.7 years and a final maturity date of may 15 , 1995 .
guaranteed by the south australian treasury .
fees 1 3 / 8 .
fees 1 1 / 4 .
call from sept. 30 , 1993 , at 100 3 / 16 , declining by 1 / 16 point a year to to par .
fees 1 3 / 4 .
west german insurance giant allianz ag entered the takeover battle between france 's cie. financiere de paribas and cie. de navigation mixte .
allianz said it won french government approval to buy as much as one - third of navigation mixte , a diversified financial , transport and food holding company .
the move comes a week after paribas announced that it was preparing to bid for 66.7 % control of navigation mixte .
munich - based allianz 's brief explanatory statement said it is acting to protect its own interests as a shareholder of navigation mixte .
that would be a blow to both paribas and navigation mixte .
each had claimed allianz , europe 's largest insurance company , as a tacit ally .
the allianz statement also reinforced the belief that the takeover battle could be a long one .
deutsche bank , dresdner bank and commerzbank all also have expressed eagerness to expand in france before 1992 .
dresdner bank this month moved to acquire banque internationale des placements , a small french merchant bank that deutsche bank had looked at and passed over .
commerzbank had hoped to buy a stake in credit lyonnais , until the socialists returned to government last year and canceled plans to privatize the large french bank .
deutsche bank has actively sought a french acquisition for at least two years .
we are still looking , '' said a deutsche bank spokesman . ''
navigation mixte holds the remaining 50 % .
allianz said in its statement that it was acting to protect that interest , which ties it to navigation mixte as a partner .
allianz 's statement stressed the company 's previously announced position that paribas 's offer price is too low .
allianz also suggested , without saying so directly , that it regrets that paribas isn ' t bidding for all of navigation mixte 's shares .
the problem here , analysts say , is that if paribas wins its 66.7 % , remaining navigation mixte shares will fall in value .
that displeases many current holders , such as allianz , which couldn ' t be sure of selling all their shares if they tendered to paribas .
the allianz statement led to speculation that allianz eventually could sell to paribas .
that would be bad news for navigation mixte 's current management , which was counting on allianz to help fend off paribas .
allianz didn ' t say whom , if anyone , it will support .
paribas currently intends to offer 1,850 francs a share for navigation mixte shares that receive full dividends this year .
it is to offer 1,800 francs for shares created on july 1 , which receive partial dividends .
alternatively , it would offer to swap three paribas shares for one navigation mixte share .
the bid values navigation mixte at around 23 billion francs , depending on how many holders of navigation mixte warrants exchange them for shares before the bid expires .
penn central corp. , cincinnati , said it agreed in principle to acquire noranda inc. 's carol cable co. unit for $ 177 million .
the maker of telecommunications and defense equipment said carol cable 's portfolio and market focus would complement the company 's current wire and cable businesses .
the plan is subject to a satisfactory due diligence investigation of carol cable by penn central , a definitive agreement and regulatory approvals .
the proposed purchase requires approval from investment canada , which monitors large foreign investments in canada .
amoco canada petroleum co. , which operates the major properties included in the asset package , said the sale is part of a plan to streamline its assets .
the troubled disk drive maker aims with the new 3 1 / 2 - inch disks to revive its reputation and sales growth .
miniscribe said the disk drives have more memory capacity than other disks that size .
miniscribe said it expects to begin full volume production of the drives in the u.s. and singapore in the first quarter next year .
a drive with 120 megabytes of capacity is scheduled for release during the third quarter of 1990 .
miniscribe has been on the rocks since it disclosed early this year that its earnings reports for 1988 weren ' t accurate .
the settlement stemmed from a lawsuit the dealers filed in 1982 when the times began its own competing direct delivery service .
the amount of the settlement will be taken as a charge against earnings in the fourth quarter .
home delivery is the fastest growing segment of the times 's 1.1 million daily circulation .
currently , about 60 % of home delivery subscribers in the new york area receive the paper directly from the times .
mercury attributed the loss to rapid prepayments of loans and costs incurred in refinancing many house loans this past spring and summer , when interest rates dipped .
the thrift hired an investment banker earlier this month to advise it regarding a possible sale or merger .
mercury also is shrinking itself , part of its plan to change its emphasis from buying mortgage loans from mortgage brokers to making loans directly .
as of sept. 30 , mercury 's assets were $ 2.25 billion , down from $ 2.62 billion a year ago .
mercury shares closed yesterday at $ 4.625 , up 50 cents , in new york stock exchange composite trading .
bancroft convertible fund inc. , new york , likely will reject a renewed offer from florida investor robert i. green to buy bancroft for $ 18.95 a share .
he hasn ' t added anything , '' mr. levine said , predicting the board will again reject mr. green 's proposal .
mr. levine noted that bancroft 's shares have been trading at or above mr. green 's offering price for the last several months .
mr. green couldn ' t be reached .
the company last week assembled a three - member committee of directors aligned with neither side to analyze the situation .
each group controls more than 40 % of rally 's stock .
the company just went public earlier this month .
rally 's had no comment , but was expected to make an announcement this morning about the situation .
the decision in los angeles federal court stems from a 1985 mercury sable tv ad that young _ and _ rubicam worked up for ford motor co. .
the ad agency had approached ms. midler about appearing , but she declined , citing a longstanding policy of refusing advertising work .
the judge in the jury trial said there was insufficient evidence to hold ford liable in the case .
in a statement , young _ and _ rubicam called the award '' unfortunate but bearable . ''
that is a property right that belongs to the performer . ''
ms. sinatra sued over the use of her '' these boots are made for walkin ' '' song in the ad .
nonetheless , mr. kurnit said that the latest decisions are having a chilling effect . ''
- - - joanne lipman contributed to this article .
james river corp. , richmond , va. , said it acquired the tissue operations of buhrmann - tetterode n.v. of the netherlands for about $ 77 million .
the dutch unit , known as celtona b.v. , is a leading maker of consumer and away - from - home tissue products for the benelux region .
in addition , the acquisition includes production assets of invercon papermils , a maker of household tissue products for the u.k. and ireland .
the combined operations had 1988 revenue of about $ 100 million .
james river , a maker of pulp , paper and plastic products , already has interests in tissue businesses in france , spain , italy and turkey .
the company said it plans to form european ventures with italian and finnish companies .
the celtona operations would become part of those ventures .
the agreements are with security pacific national bank and an affiliate of donaldson , lufkin _ and _ jenrette securities corp. .
vitro said the definitive agreements require that anchor obtain a waiver from its bank lenders of existing covenant defaults under its bank facilities .
since anchor is still seeking this waiver , vitro said the tender offer is being extended until 5 p. m. est tomorrow .
the dollar finished mostly stronger yesterday , boosted by a modest recovery in share prices .
the dow jones industrial average climbed 6.76 points in a spate of bargain - hunting following last week 's declines . ''
but others reject the view , and forecast the dollar will continue to hold its current tight trading pattern .
they argue that weakness in both the yen and sterling have helped offset bearish u.s. economic news and have lent support to the dollar .
sterling was quoted at $ 1.5820 , up from $ 1.5795 late friday .
the dollar rose against the swiss and french francs .
in tokyo tuesday , the u.s. currency opened for trading at 142.32 yen , up from monday 's tokyo close of 142.17 yen .
last week , the surprise resignation of british chancellor of the exchequer nigel lawson sent the british pound into a tailspin .
she said that the timing of the united kingdom 's entry would depend on the speed with which other members liberalize their economies .
at the same time , a recent poll shows that mrs. thatcher has hit the lowest popularity rating of any british leader since polling began 50 years ago .
comments by john major , who has succeeded mr. lawson , also failed to damp market concern , despite his pledge to maintain relatively high british interest rates .
according to one london - based analyst , even higher interest rates won ' t help the pound if britain 's government continues to appear unstable .
one u.s. trader , however , dismissed sterling doomsayers while acknowledging there is little immediate upside potential for the u.k. unit . ''
there is no question that the situation is bad , but we may be painting a gloomier picture than we should , '' he said .
he predicts the pound will continue to trade in a very volatile fashion , with '' fits of being oversold and overbought '' before recovering its losses .
dealers also note that the general lack of enthusiasm for the yen has helped bolster the u.s. dollar .
they observe that persistent japanese investor demand for dollars for both portfolio and direct investment has kept a base of support for the dollar at around 140 yen .
the dollar began yesterday on a firm note in tokyo , closing higher in late trade .
in europe , the dollar closed slightly up in a market dominated by cross trades .
on the commodity exchange in new york , gold for current delivery settled at $ 377.80 an ounce , down 70 cents .
estimated volume was a moderate 3.5 million ounces .
in early trading in hong kong tuesday , gold was quoted at $ 376.80 an ounce .
terms weren ' t disclosed .
the portfolio currently includes $ 95 million in receivables , ge capital said .
ge capital is a financial services subsidiary of general electric co. of fairfield , conn. , which also has broadcasting and electrical - products businesses .
ge capital said commercial federal savings will continue to market visa and mastercard programs while monogram provides '' operational and marketing support '' and actually owns the accounts .
with the acquisition , monogram , blue ash , ohio , has more than 2.4 million total accounts , ge capital added .
east germans rallied in three cities to demand democratic freedoms .
krenz , however , vowed to preserve the communist party 's hold on political power and said east germans shouldn ' t destabilize the nation with unrealistic demands .
communist officials this month have faced nearly daily pro - democracy protests , accompanied by the flight to the west by thousands of east germans .
- - - soviet police clashed with demonstrators in moscow following a candlelight vigil around the kgb 's lubyanka headquarters in memory of those persecuted under stalin .
more than 1,000 muscovites attended the service .
a splinter group demonstrated in pushkin square , where the police clubbed and detained a number of protesters .
- - - police in yugoslavia dispersed about 1,000 ethnic albanians who were protesting the trial of the former communist party chief of the southern province of kosovo .
azem vlasi and 14 others are accused of inciting riots and strikes and opposing constitutional limits to kosovo 's autonomy .
if convicted , they could be sentenced to death .
he also received 20 - year sentences for each of the 24 passengers injured .
it was considered the stiffest sentence passed since the start of the 22 - month - old arab uprising in the israeli - occupied territories .
- - - u.s. and soviet negotiators opened talks in new york aimed at resolving differences in proposals to reduce chemical - weapons arsenals .
- - - south africa 's government said peaceful demonstrations such as the anti - apartheid rally sunday near soweto have helped ease tensions and assisted political changes .
about 70,000 people attended the anti - government rally , at which leaders of the banned african national congress refused to renounce violence to end apartheid .
ortega had threatened to end a 19 - month - old ceasefire .
baker 's remarks came as the white house urged both sides to honor the truce .
the captain of the aircraft carrier , the oldest in the navy , said the flier was making his first attempt to land on a carrier .
all four demonstrators were arrested .
the law , which bush allowed to take effect without his signature , went into force friday .
- - - authorities in algeria said the toll from two earthquakes sunday had reached at least 30 dead and about 250 injured .
the heaviest damage was reported in tipasa , about 40 miles west of algiers .
as rescue teams continued searching for victims , hundreds of suvivors accused the government of a feeble response following the temblors .
one poll , conducted for the british broadcasting corp. , found that 52 % of voters believed that she should quit .
- - - lawmakers in hungary approved legislation granting amnesty to many people convicted of crimes punishable by less than three years in prison .
they also established an office to control government and party finances .
the laws take effect next month .
fluor , based in irvine , calif. , will direct expansion of the mine 's capacity to 52,000 metric tons a day from 32,000 metric tons a day .
completion of the project is expected by mid - 1992 .
in 1988 , fluor had revenue of $ 5.1 billion and earnings of $ 56.4 million , or 71 cents a share .
nixdorf computer ag , citing continued profitability problems , said it will have to reduce personnel further , notably in research and development sectors .
the number of workers in production sectors will be cut by 488 , to 5,200 by september .
the cuts will be made half within germany and half abroad .
in the first nine months of 1989 , nixdorf said , sales rose 5 % amid good growth in selected areas such as banks and trading companies .
the company also cited some success in damping cost increases and said it wants to return to profitability in 1990 .
it cited the expected beneficial effects of a concentration on key products , further structural changes within the group and cooperation agreements with other companies .
great northern nekoosa is being sought by another big paper company , georgia - pacific , for $ 58 a share , or about $ 3.18 billion .
the tender offer , which surprised analysts because it appeared to be unsolicited , could spark a period of industry consolidation .
analysts questioned whether georgia - pacific will ultimately prevail , saying other paper concerns may make competing bids .
- - - two more securities firms bowed to the outcry over program trading .
also , the big board met with angry stock specialists .
- - - a big pension - insurance case will be reviewed by the supreme court .
the justices agreed to decide whether federal insurers can require ltv to take back responsiblilty for funding its $ 2.3 billion pension shortfall .
drug companies lost a major liability case .
- - - revco received a $ 925 million takeover offer from texas financier robert bass and acadia partners .
the drugstore chain reacted cautiously , saying the plan would further swell its huge debt , which forced the company into chapter 11 protection last year .
- - - rockefeller group agreed to sell a 51 % interest to mitsubishi estate , a major japanese developer and property owner , for $ 846 million .
officials at some rockefeller units are said to be unhappy with the agreement .
- - - continental air replaced its top executive for the sixth time in as many years .
chairman and chief executive joseph corr was succeeded by frank lorenzo , chief of parent texas air .
- - - gen - probe agreed to be bought by chugai pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million .
the sale is likely to fuel concern about growing japanese investment in u.s. biotechnology firms .
- - - allianz of west germany entered the takeover battle between france 's paribas and navigation mixte .
- - - maxwell agreed to sell its u.s. printing unit to quebecor for $ 500 million , making quebecor the no. 2 commercial printer in north america .
- - - new construction contracts rose 8 % in september , led by commercial , industrial and public - works projects , according to f.w. dodge group .
- - - western union took steps to withdraw a $ 500 million debt swap , citing turmoil in the junk bond market .
- - - markets - - stocks : volume 126,630,000 shares .
dow jones industrials 2603.48 , up 6.76 ; transportation 1191.86 , up 1.43 ; utilities 216.74 , up 0.88 .
bonds : shearson lehman hutton treasury index 3416.81 , up 10.50 .
commodities : dow jones futures index 129.38 , off 0.11 ; spot index 130.09 , off 0.71 .
dollar : 141.90 yen , up 0.25 ; 1.8340 marks , up 0.0040 .
pacific telesis group said its pacific bell unit sustained property damage of about $ 45 million to $ 50 million from the california earthquake earlier this month .
the san francisco - based telecommunications company said it carries $ 150 million of earthquake insurance with a $ 10 million deductible provision .
he also mentioned increased capital investment by pacific bell for network improvements .
mr. ginn said the company 's cellular operations now serve about 341,000 customers , up 46 % from a year ago .
officials of vauxhall motors ltd. , gm 's british unit , were meeting with union leaders late yesterday in hopes of winning such an accord .
the engine plant may encompass plans for a joint components venture with jaguar .
alternatively , a separate engine plant may be built as part of gm 's planned tie - up with the british luxury car maker , the sources said .
cray research inc. won government clearance for its proposed reorganization of founder seymour cray 's supercomputer design team into a separate company .
cray 's directors set nov. 15 as the record date for distribution of shares in the new company , to be called cray computer corp. .
it will trade over the counter under the symbol cray .
the plan calls for cray research holders to receive one share in the new company for every two shares held .
an estimated 14.7 million cray computer shares will be distributed , cray research said .
cray research will retain a 10 % interest in the new company , which will be based in colorado springs , colo. .
when it announced the planned breakup in may , cray research said development costs of several competing projects were squeezing its earnings growth .
after the split , the two companies presumably will be rivals for orders from government and commercial customers .
chairman carl l. bixby said the decline occurred although revenue rose 30 % to more than $ 8.3 million from $ 6.4 million a year earlier .
the company said fiscal 1989 revenue increased about 30 % to more than $ 32 million from $ 25.3 million .
mr. bixby said that early signs point to improved earnings and revenue in the first quarter of fiscal 1990 . ''
the current backlog of orders is strong throughout the corporation , '' he said .
priam corp. said it filed for protection under chapter 11 of the federal bankruptcy code and announced a 35 % reduction in its world - wide employment .
the filing in bankruptcy court here follows a string of quarterly losses and product glitches for the maker of harddisk drives for minicomputers and microcomputers .
revenue for the year fell 13 % to $ 122.7 million .
the french economics ministry approved a planned asset swap between the defense and electronics group thomson - csf s.a. and the bank group credit lyonnais .
it hinted over the weekend that it would have been interested in a hook - up with thomson - csf .
japanese companies have long been accused of sacrificing profit to boost sales .
but fujitsu ltd. has taken that practice to a new extreme .
japan 's biggest computer maker last week undercut seven competitors to win a contract to design a mapping system for the city of hiroshima 's waterworks .
its bid : one yen , or less than a u.s. penny .
the bid created such a furor that fujitsu said it is now offering to withdraw from the project . ''
from a common - sense viewpoint , it was not socially acceptable , '' a fujitsu spokeswoman said yesterday .
hiroshima city officials couldn ' t be reached to find out whether they would drop fujitsu 's bid .
fujitsu said it issued the low bid because it wanted a foot in the door of a potentially lucrative market . ''
we desperately wanted the contract because we want experience in the field , '' the fujitsu spokeswoman said . ''
we expect a big market in the future , so in the long term it will be profitable .
it 's a kind of an investment . ''
hiroshima 's waterworks bureau said the municipal government had budgeted about 11 million yen -lrb- $ 77,500 -rrb- for the project . ''
i was flabbergasted , '' tatsuhara yamane , head of the bureau , was quoted by kyodo news service as saying . ''
i understand the firm 's enthusiasm in getting the deal , but such a large company would have been better off showing a little more discretion . ''
indeed , fujitsu officials admitted they may have been a little overzealous .
it 's contrary to common sense , '' she added .
specifically , fujitsu won the right to design the specifications for a computerized system that will show water lines throughout the city .
the system could be used in a fire or earthquake to locate problems , among other things .
a waterworks official said fujitsu will have to design the system so it would be compatible with other makers ` equipment .
but industry officials expressed concern that the initial project might give fujitsu an edge in winning more lucrative contracts later .
fujitsu said it hopes the hiroshima contract will help it secure pacts with other municipalities .
japanese local governments are expected to invest heavily in computer systems over the next few years , and many companies expect that field to provide substantial revenue . ''
we can expect a hundreds - of - billions - of - yen market . ''
no foreign companies bid on the hiroshima project , according to the bureau .
but the japanese practice of deep discounting often is cited by americans as a classic barrier to entry in japan 's market .
earlier this year , the u.s. complained that japan 's supercomputer makers were effectively closing out foreign competitors by slashing prices as much as 90 % for universities .
fujitsu wasn ' t the only company willing to sacrifice profit on the project .
three competitors bid between 300,000 yen and 500,000 yen , according to the hiroshima government office .
other bids ranged from about 10 million yen to 29 million yen .
american airlines will expand its trans - atlantic service 30 % beginning next year with six new daily flights between the u.s. and europe , officials announced yesterday .
american , a unit of amr corp. , is the nation 's largest airline .
chicago has the largest population of citizens of polish heritage in any city outside poland .
with the new service , american will fly 161 flights a week to 17 european cities .
the additions solidify american 's position as the third - largest u.s. transatlantic carrier , behind panam corp. 's pan american world airways and trans world airlines .
karstadt ag said sales for its domestic group rose 4.6 % in the first nine months of 1989 from a year earlier .
the west german retailing group also said that the results of the first three quarters suggest it will meet its profit goal for the year .
karstadt didn ' t give any group sales or profit figures for the first nine months .
georgia - pacific corp. offered to acquire great northern nekoosa corp. for $ 58 a share , or about $ 3.18 billion .
executives at nekoosa couldn ' t be reached , and officials at georgia pacific declined to comment .
analysts , however , were surprised because the tender offer appeared unsolicited . ''
it 's quite a bombshell , '' said one , adding that the offer could spark a period of industry consolidation .
nekoosa closed yesterday at $ 42.75 , up $ 2.75 , in new york stock exchange composite trading .
but industry observers still questioned whether georgia pacific will ultimately prevail . ''
you have to watch out for counterbids , '' said one analyst . ''
international paper or weyerhaeuser could step in . ''
while georgia - pacific 's stock has outperformed the market in the past two years , nekoosa has lagged the market in the same period .
yesterday 's rise in nekoosa 's share price came on volume of 786,700 shares , four times the daily average .
also , it isn ' t exposed to the weakening newsprint business , and is strong in the less - cyclical tissue business .
the purchase of nekoosa would easily eclipse georgia - pacific 's $ 530 million acquisition of brunswick pulp _ and _ paper co. last year .
wasserstein perella _ and _ co. is the dealer - manager for the offer , which will expire nov. 29 , unless extended .
ratners group plc 's u.s. subsidiary has agreed to acquire jewelry retailer weisfield 's inc. for $ 50 a share , or about $ 55 million .
weisfield 's shares soared on the announcement yesterday , closing up $ 11 to close at $ 50 in national over - the - counter trading .
ratners and weisfield 's said they reached an agreement in principle for the acquisition of weisfield 's by sterling inc. .
the companies said the acquisition is subject to a definitive agreement .
they said they expect the transaction to be completed by dec. 15 .
weisfield 's , based in seattle , wash. , currently operates 87 specialty jewelry stores in nine states .
in the fiscal year ended jan. 31 , the company reported sales of $ 59.5 million and pretax profit of $ 2.9 million .
ratners , which controls 25 % of the british jewelry market , would increase the number of its u.s. stores to about 450 stores from 360 .
it has said it hopes to control 5 % of jewelry business in the u.s. by 1992 ; currently it controls about 2 % .
mcdonnell douglas corp. received contracts totaling $ 244.8 million for 72 f - a - 18 aircraft for the navy and helicopter spare parts for the army .
aerojet general corp. , a unit of gencorp inc. , was awarded a $ 40.1 million air force contract for minuteman missile rocket motors .
@ rockwell international corp. received a $ 26.7 million navy contract for submarine ballistic missiles .
honeywell inc. got a $ 22.3 million navy contract for aircraft missile warning sets .
beech aircraft corp. , a unit of raytheon co. , received an $ 11.5 million air force contract for c - 12 aircraft support .
analog devices inc. said it may purchase as many as one million of its common shares over the next several months .
analog also said that a one million share buy - back program announced in march is substantially complete .
the company , which makes integrated circuits and other electronic parts , now has about 47 million common shares outstanding .
in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday , analog devices closed at $ 8.875 , up 25 cents .
perhaps the halloween season is a good time for congress to be looking at funding for some ghostbusting equipment .
mike greece former air force career officer new york - - - where does mr. lehman get off castigating gen. george marshall for muscling in on naval prerogatives ?
i personally do not want to hasten mr. lehman 's demise , but i can see him figuring prominently in his own article .
for the sixth time in as many years , continental airlines has a new senior executive .
gone is d. joseph corr , the airline 's chairman , chief executive and president , appointed only last december .
mr. corr resigned to pursue other business interests , the airline said .
he could not be reached for comment .
succeeding him as chairman and chief executive will be frank lorenzo , chairman and chief executive of continental 's parent , texas air corp. .
mr. lorenzo , 49 years old , is reclaiming the job that was his before mr. corr signed on .
the airline also named mickey foret as president .
mr. foret , 44 , is a 15 - year veteran of texas air and texas international airlines , its predecessor .
most recently he had been executive vice president for planning and finance at texas air .
top executives at continental haven ' t lasted long , especially those recruited from outside .
but mr. corr 's tenure was shorter than most .
before that , he was an executive with a manufacturing concern .
at continental he cut money - losing operations , which helped produce a modest profit in this year 's second quarter .
but mr. corr , a stunt pilot in his spare time , was understood to be frustrated by what he regarded as limited freedom under mr. lorenzo .
while not officially an executive at continental during mr. corr 's tenure , mr. lorenzo is known for keeping close tabs on texas air 's operating units .
continental is texas air 's flagship and was built painfully to its present size under mr. lorenzo after emerging from bankruptcy proceedings in 1986 .
mr. foret is one of a handful of executives mr. lorenzo has relied on over the years .
previously , he had served in financial planning positions at the company 's eastern airlines unit .
another longtime ally , phil bakes , currently heads eastern , now in chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings .
mr. bakes previously had a turn at running continental .
among the other alumni are stephen wolf , now chairman of ual inc. , and thomas plaskett , president of pan am corp. .
the company was to repay $ 58 million in debt on dec. 31 and $ 15 million on march 31 .
the company acquired the debt when it paid $ 155 million to purchase wilson last year .
companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ` estimates .
the companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .
estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted .
the percent difference compares actual profit with the 30 - day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days .
otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
@ positive @ williams cos. $ .
06 ... -lrb- $ .
06 -rrb- -lrb- 6 -rrb- ... @ peoples energy -lrb- .
34 -rrb- ... -lrb- .
46 -rrb- -lrb- 4 -rrb- 26.09 @ idaho power co. .
55 ... 50 -lrb- 6 -rrb- 10.00 @ negative @ masco corp. $ .
44 -lrb- 3 -rrb- $ .
46 -lrb- 8 -rrb- 9.09 @ carver corp. -lrb- .
16 -rrb- ... 01 -lrb- 4 -rrb- ... @ relational tech .
19 -rrb- ... 10 -lrb- 3 -rrb- ... @ liggett group .
15 ... 27 -lrb- 3 -rrb- 44.44 @ pioneer hi - bred -lrb- .
70 -rrb- ... -lrb- .
58 -rrb- -lrb- 6 -rrb- 20.69 @ la quinta motor .
34 ... 39 -lrb- 3 -rrb- 12.82 @ new eng bus svc . .
31 ... 34 -lrb- 6 -rrb- 8.82 @ progressive corp. .
he succeeds alvin a. mccall in the position .
mr. mccall will remain chairman .
the government said the consumer price index rose 2.3 % in the quarter ended sept. 30 from the previous quarter and 8 % from a year ago .
charles a. pearce , 66 years old , will retire from his post as chief executive officer of this bank holding company effective dec. 31 .
he will remain chairman .
charles r. simpson jr. , 46 , president and chief operating officer , will assume the chief executive 's post .
it is a peaceful time in this part of western india .
the summer crop is harvested , winter sowing has yet to begin .
farmers in loose turbans and fancy earrings spend their afternoons laughing and gossiping at the markets .
one could imagine such a lull in the lives of the arabs before the quadrupling of oil prices .
for just as the arabs were in the 1960 s , the farmers of sidhpur are on the brink of global power and fame .
the arabs had merely oil .
these farmers may have a grip on the world 's very heart .
or , at least , its heart disease .
ever since the link to cholesterol was disclosed , americans have begun scarfing up psyllium in their breakfast cereals .
the proper climatic conditions don ' t exist in many places in the world . ''
arvind patel , a processor and exporter of the seed , raves : '' if psyllium takes the place of oat bran , it will be huge . ''
only one thing is certain here : pysllium is likely to remain solely an export item from sidhpur for a long time .
local farmers say it is as good a cash crop as mustard or fenugreek , a legume .
psyllium is an annual herb , plantago ovata , that has been used for centuries by folk doctors here , mainly as a laxative and anti - diarrheal .
as such , the soluble fiber has an almost fanatic following in northern india . ''
a prominent businessman in bombay gives a similar testimonial : '' i have been taking it daily since 1961 . ''
folk doctors also prescribe it for kidney , bladder and urethra problems , duodenal ulcers and hemorrhoids .
some apply it to gouty joints .
the plant has a hairy stem that produces flowers and diminutive seeds .
the transluscent husk of the seed is removed , sifted and crushed ; the seed itself is fed to animals .
some 90 % of the crop , which was worth $ 26 million last year , is exported .
but some time ago , researchers discovered that soluble fibers also lower cholesterol levels in the blood .
cincinnati - based p_and _ g took an interest ; it ordered two studies on psyllium and cholesterol .
one of the studies , done at the university of minnesota , tested 75 people with raised cholesterol levels .
in april , the psyllium bandwagon got more crowded .
in september , kellogg co. launched a competing psyllium - fortified cereal called heartwise .
suddenly , on television , in advertisements and on their cereal boxes , americans were inundated with news about the obscure seed .
the flood of claims and counter - claims worried consumers and actually hurt sales of the new cereals .
this month , the food and drug administration expressed concern that americans might someday , in various forms , ingest too much psyllium .
currently , there is a lull in the psyllium war .
the fda has asked kellogg and general mills to show research that their cereals are safe .
it also ordered p_and _ g to produce more studies to buttress its claims that metamucil can lower cholesterol .
but the agency hasn ' t yanked psyllium off store shelves .
if the fda approves the new uses of psyllium , other companies are expected to rush to market with psyllium products . ''
it 's going to be a sensational thing , '' says mr. krishnamurthy of p_and _ g in bombay .
says psyllium exporter mr. patel : '' i just got back yesterday from the u.s. .
in the newspapers , on the radio and tv , psyllium is everywhere . ''
but the news of the boom has yet to trickle down to the farmers .
psyllium 's not a good crop , '' complains sooraji jath , a 26 - year - old farmer from the village of lakshmipura . ''
you get a rain at the wrong time and the crop is ruined . ''
even at the basic chemicals , pharmaceuticals and cosmetics export promotion council , the government agency that promotes the seed , the psyllium boom is distant thunder .
the staff brags about psyllium 's hefty contribution to american regularity , without quite grasping the implications of the research on cholesterol .
in one way , the psyllium middlemen - - the buyers and exporters - - are glad to keep news of the boom to themselves .
they want psyllium prices low for their purchases next year .
but there 's a catch .
sidhpur and adjacent districts are the only places in the world where psyllium is grown in large quantities .
this is partly due to the particular demands of the crop .
psyllium needs sandy soil , dew during the first few weeks , and then total dryness when its seeds are maturing .
big buyers like procter _ and _ gamble say there are other spots on the globe , and in india , where the seed could be grown . ''
it 's not a crop that can ' t be doubled or tripled , '' says mr. krishnamurthy .
but no one has made a serious effort to transplant the crop .
in sidhpur , it is almost time to sow this year 's crop .
mr. jath is thinking of passing up psyllium altogether this year in favor of a crop with a future such as cumin or fennel . ''
maybe i 'll plant castor - oil seeds . ''
his brother , parkhaji , whose head is swathed in a gorgeous crimson turban , nods vigorous assent .
and the world could experience its first psyllium shortage .
kellwood co. said it completed a previously announced acquisition of crowntuft manufacturing corp. , a new york - based maker of chenille robes and lounge wear .
the apparel maker wouldn ' t disclose terms of the agreement .
kellwood said gabriel hakim sr. , president of crowntuft , will continue to head crowntuft 's management group .
a seat on the chicago mercantile exchange was sold for $ 416,000 , down $ 36,000 from the previous sale oct. 3 .
seats currently are quoted at $ 410,000 bid , $ 425,000 asked .
the record price for a full membership on the exchange is $ 550,000 , set march 9 , 1989 .
small businesses say a recent trend is like a dream come true : more - affordable rates for employee - health insurance , initially at least .
but then they wake up to a nightmare .
the reasonable first - year rates can be followed by increases of 60 % or more if a covered employee files a major claim , they complain .
for employee and employer alike , the worry is widespread .
surveys repeatedly show that small - business owners rank the availability and rising cost of health insurance as one of their biggest concerns .
i have an old - fashioned name for people in that position : sick people who need health insurance , '' rep. waxman says . ''
some lawmakers may seek legislation to limit overly restrictive insurance policies .
the concern grows out of increased efforts by the insurers to woo the small - business market .
one case of cancer or a high - risk pregnancy with a sick infant , and rates go up 40 % to 60 % .
small - business people end up paying insurance premiums worth two to three times the cost of one illness . ''
but it says that rapid rate increases are directly tied to the soaring cost of health care .
some business analysts blame the problem on tough competition in the insurance market .
they say insurance companies use policies aimed at excluding bad risks because their competitors do .
i 'm not accusing insurers of dereliction of duty , '' robert patricelli of the u.s. chamber of commerce told mr. waxman 's panel . ''
you can ' t ask one carrier to underwrite on social grounds when that might destroy it in the marketplace . ''
rep. waxman and democratic sen. edward kennedy of massachusetts have proposed regulation to deal with the problem .
such requirements , they argue , make it difficult to provide a basic , low - cost health - benefits package . ''
she contends that similar mandates have driven up insurance costs 20 % in maryland and 30 % in california .
it just makes healthy businesses subsidize unhealthy ones and gives each employer less incentive to keep his workers healthy . ''
the complexities of the insurance problem make the outcome difficult to predict .
but to ms. allen , the employee whose back problem triggered a huge insurance - rate increase , the issue was simple . ''
the index , which uses a base of 1981 as 100 , was calculated at 140.91 points in october , from 140.74 in september .
annual inflation rose to 3.64 % in october from 3.55 % in september .
belgium 's inflation has been rising steadily for the past year , but the ministry said the latest rise is slower than gains in september and august .
nashua , whose major business is selling copiers , facsimile machines and related supplies , said reiss _ and _ co. .
previously , an affiliate of unicorp canada disclosed a stake of less than 5 % in nashua , according to daniel m. junius , nashua 's treasurer .
nashua announced the reiss request after the market closed .
mr. junius said nashua 's '' intention is to remain an independent public company . ''
in addition , the company 's board authorized the purchase of up to an additional one million shares .
under a program approved by the company in 1987 that didn ' t specify a share amount , nashua had purchased 481,000 shares through sept. 29 .
he estimated the breakup value at $ 55 a share .
the closely held supermarket chain named frank nicastro vice president and treasurer .
the 47 - year - old mr. nicastro joins grand union from singer co. , where he was treasurer .
previously , the july figure was estimated at a deficit of 613 million francs .
seasonally adjusted figures for august weren ' t available because of a recent strike that has disrupted the ministry 's data collection .
weisfield 's inc. said it is in preliminary discussions regarding the possible sale of the company .
in over - the - counter trading friday , weisfield 's gained $ 9.50 to $ 39 .
at that price , the company has an indicated value of $ 42.9 million .
weisfield 's had about 1.1 million shares outstanding as of july 31 .
the stock gained $ 2.75 thursday to close at a then - 52 week high .
in the aftermath of the beijing massacre on june 4 , economists advanced wildly divergent views on how hong kong would be affected .
among the most upbeat was bt brokerage -lrb- asia -rrb- ltd. .
in a june 5 reaction , the bankers trust co. unit proclaimed the economy '' shockproof . ''
others were more cautious .
today , with business activity in hong kong staggering along at an uneven pace , the economy itself seems locked in a struggle between hope and fear .
manufacturers have survived the turmoil in china largely unscathed .
signs of revival seem evident in hong kong 's hard - hit hotel sector .
but in the stock and real - estate markets , activity remains spotty even though prices have regained much of their lost ground .
waning demand reported by importers , retailers and even fancy restaurants all reinforce a profile of a community that is sharply tightening its belt .
as many economists and businessmen see it , those incongruities underscore a paradox that seems likely to bedevil the economy throughout the 1990 s .
that paradox is hong kong 's economically rewarding yet politically perilous relationship with china .
as a model of capitalist efficiency on southern china 's doorstep , hong kong 's prospects look good .
china 's land and labor offer inexpensive alternatives to local industry .
china - bound freight streams through the territory 's port .
in the decade since the communist nation emerged from isolation , its burgeoning trade with the west has lifted hong kong 's status as a regional business center .
these benefits seem secure despite china 's current economic and political troubles .
but to hong kong , china isn ' t purely business .
it is also the sovereign power that , come 1997 , will take over this british colony .
china 's leaders have promised generous liberties for post - 1997 hong kong .
that promise sounds shaky now that those same leaders have fallen back on marxist dogma and brute force to crush their nation 's democracy movement .
outflows of people and capital from hong kong have been growing since the sovereignty issue first arose in the early 1980 s .
with interest in emigration and investment abroad soaring since june 4 , that assumption no longer seems so safe .
investment and emigration plans take time to come to fruition .
only four months have passed since the beijing massacre , and few are prepared to predict its ultimate impact .
the only consensus is that more money and people may leave hong kong than had been thought likely .
this expected blow has cast a pall over the economy 's prospects .
the question , as many people see it , is how long such uncertainty will last .
it may experience an upswing or two in between .
investors have to accept the possibility of a significant slowdown in economic activity in the runup to 1997 , '' she says . ''
over the next few years , i would advise caution . ''
nearly half of them argue that hong kong 's uneasy relationship with china will constrain - - though not inhibit - - long - term economic growth .
the rest are split roughly between optimists who expect hong kong to hum along as before and pessimists who foresee irreparable chaos .
the interviews took place two years ago .
such a pace of growth , though respectable for mature industrialized economies , would be unusually slow for hong kong .
only twice since the 1960 s has annual gross domestic product growth here fallen below 5 % for two or more consecutive years .
the first instance occurred in 1967 - 68 , when china 's cultural revolution triggered bloody street rioting in the colony .
the other came in 1974 - 75 from the combined shock of world recession and a severe local stock market crash .
during the past 10 years , hong kong 's economic growth has averaged 8.3 % annually .
given hong kong 's record , mr. mushkat 's '' realists '' might have sounded unduly conservative when the interviews took place two years ago .
under the current circumstances , he says , their scenario no longer seems unrealistic . ''
the city could lose some of its entrepreneurial flavor .
it just means that hong kong would become a less exciting place . ''
after taking into account the fallout from the china crisis , the government has projected 1989 gdp growth of 5 % .
the updated forecast , published aug. 25 , compares with an earlier forecast of 6 % published march 1 and a 7.4 % rate achieved in 1988 .
sir piers jacobs , hong kong 's financial secretary , says a further downward revision may be justified unless the economy stages a more convincing rally . ''
we aren ' t looking at anything like a doomsday scenario , '' he says . ''
but clearly we 're entering a difficult period . ''
many factors besides a dread of 1997 will have a bearing on hong kong 's economy .
one concerns japanese investors .
barely visible on hong kong 's property scene in 1985 , by last year japan had become the top foreign investor , spending $ 602 million .
the market has grown relatively quiet since the china crisis .
but if the japanese return in force , their financial might could compensate to some extent for local investors ` waning commitment .
another - - and critical - - factor is the u.s. , hong kong 's biggest export market .
even before the china crisis , weak u.s. demand was slowing local economic growth .
conversely , strong consumer spending in the u.s. two years ago helped propel the local economy at more than twice its current rate .
indeed , a few economists maintain that global forces will continue to govern hong kong 's economic rhythm .
but economic arguments , however solid , won ' t necessarily impress hong kong 's 5.7 million people .
many are refugees , having fled china 's unending cycles of political repression and poverty since the communist party took power in 1949 .
emigration applications soared in 1985 , when britain and china ratified their accord on hong kong 's future .
in 1987 , hong kong 's most prosperous year for a decade , 30,000 left , up 58 % from the previous year .
last year , 45,000 went .
a large number of those leaving are managers and professionals .
bowing to a mounting public outcry , three more major securities firms - - bear , stearns _ and _ co. .
wells fargo investment advisers , bankers trust co. and mellon capital management are among the top stock - index arbitrage clients of wall street , trading executives say .
they will do it every chance they get , '' said one program - trading executive .
consequently , abrupt swings in the stock market are not likely to disappear anytime soon , they say .
more customers may come to us now , '' said james cayne , president of bear stearns cos. .
executives who manage these funds see the current debate over program trading as a repeat of the concern expressed after the 1987 crash .
they noted that studies completed after the 1987 crash exonerated program trading as a source of volatility . ''
a bankers trust spokesman said that the company 's investment arm uses stock - index arbitrage to enhance investors ` returns .
officials at mellon capital were unavailable for comment .
many money managers who trade stock actively have trouble consistently matching the s_and _ p - 500 's returns .
some stock - index funds are huge .
mr. grauer said $ 2 billion of that is used in active index arbitrage .
the 190 - point plunge in the stock market oct. 13 has heightened concerns about volatility .
the wall street firms ` pullback followed their recent blacklisting by several institutional investors .
phoenix mutual life insurance co. and founders asset management inc. also cut off brokerage firms that engage in program trading .
morgan stanley has consistently been one of the top stock - index arbitrage traders in recent months .
we have to clear up these issues and find out what is present that is creating artificial volatility , '' mr. fisher said . ''
there is no question that investor confidence -lrb- in the stock market -rrb- is critical . ''
separately , mr. cayne of bear stearns said his firm is working with regulators to balance margin requirements to '' enhance stabilization . ''
margin rules determine the minimum amount of cash an investor must put up when buying a security .
current rules permit investors to put up less cash for futures than for stocks .
some observers say that different rules governing stock and futures markets are partly responsible for volatility .
these rules , they say , permit faster and cheaper trading in futures than in stocks , which frequently knocks the two markets out of line .
but unequal trading rules allow the futures market to trade differently from stocks , which invites frequent bouts of stock - index arbitrage in the first place . ''
the former comes from the latest wave of political activism in hollywood , especially around feminist issues such as abortion .
put these together , and you get programs about rape .
in the series , virgil tibbs -lrb- howard rollins -rrb- and his wife , althea -lrb- anne - marie johnson -rrb- have settled in sparta , miss. .
obviously , it 's harder to establish a sense of place in a one - shot tv movie .
but tonight 's offering , '' settle the score '' -lrb- 9 - 11 p. m. est , on nbc -rrb- , doesn ' t even try .
this tale of a chicago policewoman returning home to find the man who raped her 20 years earlier is supposed to be set in the ozarks .
he quotes one student saying , '' you 're just the kind of jewboy we southerners can ' t stand . ''
but is exile in hollywood enough ?
not to judge by '' settle the score , '' in which mr. sohmer seems to be settling a score of his own .
of all the unflattering portraits of small - town america i 've seen on tv , this film is the most gratuitously nasty .
people like pa do exist , of course .
but in mr. sohmer 's ozarks , he is but the tip of the patriarchal iceberg .
every man kate encounters is either sniggeringly puritanical , viciously patronizing , revoltingly lecherous , or all three .
how could he be ?
he 's the director of the local planned parenthood chapter .
as for the women , they 're pathetic .
kate 's ma -lrb- louise latham -rrb- is a moral coward .
at the very least , it would appear that sis is a poor judge of masculine charm .
yet even these insulting caricatures are not as bad as the moral hypocrisy at the heart of '' settle the score . ''
at this point , the truce between feminism and sensationalism gets mighty uneasy .
take the scene in which kate stands naked by a lighted window , whispering to her hidden assailant , '' look all you want .
starting tomorrow , i 'm stalking you . ''
surely the question is obvious .
with friends like mr. sohmer , do the feminists of hollywood need enemies ?
in composite trading on the new york stock exchange friday , crossland closed at $ 5.25 , down $ 1.875 , a 26 % decline .
he added that final guidelines to be published in early november will determine whether the bank is in compliance .
crossland said it retained three investment bankers to assist it in developing and implementing a financial restructuring plan .
it wouldn ' t identify the bankers .
a major factor in the third - quarter loss was the write - down of $ 143.6 million of goodwill .
the spokesman said that the proposed guidelines caused crossland to revise its business objectives and , consequently , to write down the asset value of some previous acquisitions .
crossland recorded an additional $ 20 million in loan loss reserves in the third quarter .
net interest income for the third quarter declined to $ 35.6 million from $ 70.1 million a year ago .
however , non - interest income rose to $ 23.5 million from $ 22 million .
third - quarter loan originations dropped sharply to $ 663 million from $ 1 billion a year ago .
about $ 518 million of debt is affected .
the envelope arrives in the mail .
open it and two soulful eyes on a boy 's brown face peer out from the page , pleadingly .
does the tyke have a good mind about to be wasted ?
is he a victim of gramm - rudman cuts ?
no , but he 's endangered all the same : his new sitcom on abc needs a following to stay on the air .
abc hasn ' t had much luck with shows featuring blacks in recent years , and the producers of one new arrival are a bit desperate . ''
homeroom , '' a show about a black ad executive who gives up the boardroom for a fourth - grade classroom , is flunking the ratings test .
so producers alyce and topper carew spun their rolodexes and gathered names of black opinion makers to mount a direct - mail campaign .
by wooing a core black audience they figure they might keep the show alive at least until the spring semester .
using direct mail for a tv show is like fishing for whale with a breaded hook .
it just isn ' t done .
but employing this kind of gut - wrenching plea to black consciousness makes it even more unusual .
this is a very personal , ethnic style , '' mr. carew says . ''
i want people in the barber shops and the beauty shops and standing in line at the rib joints to be talking about the show .
i want white america to talk about it , too , but i 'm convinced that the grapevine is what 's happening . ''
abc says it is aware of the producers ` action , but the mailing was sent without the network 's blessing .
the letter , in fact , takes a jab at abc for being a laggard in black programming .
some shows just don ' t impress , he says , and this is one of them .
since deregulation of the market in 1985 , producers have become much more intensely involved in both transportation and marketing , '' mr. maier said . ''
it 's a matter of being close to those suppliers ; many of those companies don ' t know us as well as they should . ''
transcanada transports all gas that moves eastward from alberta .
having more than a token presence here should enhance communications and business relationships , '' mr. litvinchuk said . ''
since the cost of transporting gas is so important to producers ` ability to sell it , it helps to have input and access to transportation companies . ''
all 700 toronto - based employees will be offered positions in calgary , the company said .
transcanada is 49.1 % owned by montreal - based holding company bce inc. .
but with sales growth sluggish and other men 's stores putting on the heat , the venerable retailer can no longer afford such a smug attitude .
that 's not all .
one color photo displays a rainbow of dress shirts tied in a knot ; another picture shows neckties with bold designs .
the message is loud and clear : this is not your father 's brooks brothers .
as part of its national ad pitch , brooks brothers will show less preppy women 's clothes , moving away from its floppy - tie business stereotype .
one ad shows a bright red jacket paired with a black leather skirt .
and the ad copy is cheeky : '' how can you be a wall street hot shot without at least one brooks brothers suit in your portfolio ? ''
brooks brothers hopes that shaking its time - honored traditions will attract more young men and more women and change consumer perceptions about its range of merchandise . ''
we want them to buy more of their wardrobe here . ''
industry watchers agree that brooks brothers is long overdue in updating its buttoned - down image , which has stunted its growth .
mr. roberti concedes that since the $ 750 million takeover , '' sales growth hasn ' t been dramatic . ''
for the 11 months ended march 31 , operating profit at the 52 - store chain totaled $ 40.5 million on sales of $ 286.8 million .
as brooks brothers jumps into the fashion fray , it will be playing catch up .
many clothiers , especially ralph lauren , have cashed in on the recent popularity of updated ivy league and english styles .
in keeping with men 's broader fashion scope today , businessmen are dabbling in english and italian suits that are conservative but not stodgy .
the rigid ivy league customer , brooks brothers ` bread and butter , meanwhile is becoming extinct .
thus , brooks brothers has lost customers to stores that offer more variety such as paul stuart , barneys new york and louis , boston . ''
by making a break from tradition , brooks brothers is seeking a delicate balance .
brooks brothers ` aim is for 20 % of total sales to come from the women 's department , up from the current 12 % . ''
everybody forgets that there are fashion cycles in classic merchandise , '' observes carol farmer , a retail consultant . ''
for women , dressing for success in a real structured way is over . ''
despite these challenges , marks _ and _ spencer sees big potential in brooks brothers , noting the widely recognized name and global presence .
marks _ and _ spencer plans to open roughly 18 more u.s. stores in the next five years .
brooks brothers says business is robust at its 30 outlets in japan and two shops in hong kong .
marks _ and _ spencer is also considering opening stores across europe sometime in the future .
brooks brothers is also remodeling its stores .
wednesday , it will unveil a $ 7 million refurbishing at its flagship store on madison avenue .
with newly installed escalators , the store retains its signature wood - and - brass look but is less intimidating .
because the biggest growth in menswear is in casual sportswear , brooks brothers is chasing more of that business .
but it now offers more two - button versions and suits with a tapered fit .
it also plans to add suits cut for athletic men with broader upper bodies .
next spring , nearly 30 % of its suits will have pleated pants , compared with virtually none a couple of years ago .
says mr. roberti : '' we want to turn the customer on . ''
ferro corp. said it will buy back as many as one million common shares .
the maker of chemical and industrial materials didn ' t say how much it would pay or when it would make the transactions .
ferro also said it would cancel the unused portion of a 1987 buy - back plan for administrative reasons .
the plan calls for the company to buy back 2,250,000 shares , which reflects a 3 - for - 2 stock split this year .
so far the company had bought back 1.6 million shares .
in new york stock exchange composite trading friday , ferro closed at $ 25.25 , down 50 cents .
arthur price abruptly quit as president and chief executive officer of mtm entertainment inc. , a los angeles production company that has fallen on hard times .
a tvs spokesman said he didn ' t know mr. price 's plans .
industry analysts speculated that mr. price 's sudden departure may have stemmed from conflicts with mr. gatward .
mr. gatward declined to comment , and mr. price couldn ' t be reached on friday .
at the time , mr. gatward said his friendship with mr. price had smoothed the way for its link with the small british company .
but tvs stunned industry analysts last month by disclosing that it expected mtm to post an operating loss for this year .
in that announcement , tvs also said it was trimming production finance and hiring a new u.s. sales manager .
further staff cuts are likely , the spokesman indicated . ''
obviously , we are looking at making economies across the board . ''
tvs blames difficulties in peddling reruns of mtm shows to u.s. broadcasters for the problems at mtm .
the market for reruns sold to local u.s. broadcasters has been weak for the past three or four seasons .
mr. price co - founded mtm in 1969 with u.s. actress mary tyler moore and grant tinker , her then - husband .
mr. tinker later left to become chairman of national broadcasting co. .
the tvs spokesman said mr. price still holds about an 8 % tvs stake , acquired as part of the mtm acquisition .
in late trading on london 's stock exchange friday , tvs shares rose four pence to 195 pence a share .
two rival bidders for connaught biosciences extended their offers to acquire the toronto - based vaccine manufacturer friday .
it had been due to expire friday evening .
merieux previously said it would ensure its bid remained open pending a final decision by canadian regulators on whether to approve the takeover .
merieux , a vaccine and bioresearch firm based in lyon , france , is controlled 50.1 % by state - owned rhone poulenc s.a. .
merieux officials said last week that they are '' highly confident '' the offer will be approved once it submits details of its proposed investments to federal regulators .
both offers are conditional on regulatory approvals and enough shares being tendered to give the bidders a majority of connaught 's shares outstanding .
at the close of business thursday , ciba - geigy and chiron said 11,580 common shares had been tendered to their offer .
at last report , connaught had 21.8 million shares outstanding .
lawyers for the two sides weren ' t immediately available for comment .
the university had sought an injunction blocking connaught 's board from recommending or supporting an offer for the company by merieux .
the insurance concern said all conversion rights on the stock will terminate on nov. 30 .
in new york stock exchange trading friday , conseco closed at $ 19.50 , down 25 cents .
the authority will issue a total of $ 446.5 million of pollution - control revenue bonds .
proceeds of the sale will go to centerior 's operating subsidiaries to finance the projects , located at a nuclear unit located near cleveland .
the bonds will be issued for a term of 34 years at an interest rate of 8 % .
goldman , sachs _ and _ co. is the underwriter .
general motors corp. 's gmc truck division put a $ 750 cash incentive on its 1990 full - sized jimmy and suburban trucks .
the program , which runs through jan. 4 , also offers low - rate financing in lieu of the cash rebate .
hundreds of smaller creditors could get nothing , according to attorneys involved .
it would be a shame to have a chapter 7 after all the progress in this case , '' said judge abramson .
under chapter 7 , the assets of a company are sold off to pay creditors .
under prodding from judge abramson , a minpeco executive flew in from peru last week to talk directly with executives from manufacturers hanover on a settlement .
all three major creditors - - the irs , minpeco and manufacturers hanover - - voted against and effectively doomed a reorganization plan proposed by mr. hunt .
a reorganization plan proposed jointly by the irs and manufacturers hanover was stalled by a negative vote from minpeco .
the mineral concern 's own reorganization plan met a similar fate after opposition from the irs and manufacturers hanover .
neither plan is dead , however , and the judge could force creditors to accept some version of them after ruling on the minpeco - manufacturers hanover dispute .
meanwhile , settlement negotiations continue between mr. hunt and the irs , which has already reached a tentative agreement with nelson bunker hunt .
the two sides have been far apart on how much herbert hunt will continue to owe the government after his assets are sold .
pacific first financial corp. said it signed a non - binding letter of intent to acquire the construction lending unit of old stone bank of california .
terms haven ' t been finalized , but the transaction is expected to close by year end , pacific first said .
old stone 's construction lending portfolio includes about $ 250 million in real - estate loans outstanding .
the unit has 30 employees in four california offices , the company said .
pacific first owns pacific first federal savings banks and other financial services firms .
the buyer was ge capital railcar services , chicago , a major owner of railway equipment and part of the ge capital operations .
leucadia , new york , estimated it had a pre - tax gain on the transaction of $ 57 million , including its part of brae 's gain .
because of tax - loss carry - forward , leucadia said it expects to escape taxes on '' a substantial portion of the gain . ''
the estimated gain for brae is $ 15 million , including a tax credit of $ 7 million , the sellers said . ''
automatic data processing inc. plans to redeem on nov. 16 its $ 150 million of 6.5 % convertible subordinated debentures due march 1 , 2011 .
the computing - services concern will pay $ 1,059 .
04 for each $ 1,000 face amount of debt .
the conversion price for the debentures is $ 41.725 a share .
in new york stock exchange composite trading friday , automatic data closed at $ 46.50 a share , down $ 2.25 .
the offer , which telerate 's two independent directors have rejected as inadequate , previously had been scheduled to expire at midnight friday .
dow jones said it extended the offer to allow shareholders time to review a supplement to the dow jones tender offer circular that it mailed last friday .
telerate shares fell 50 cents on friday to close at $ 20 each in new york stock exchange composite trading .
dow jones shares also fell 50 cents to close at $ 36.125 in big board composite trading .
dow jones has said it believes the $ 18 - a - share price is fair to telerate 's minority shareholders .
telerate provides information about financial markets through an electronic network .
