do you have that there ?
they have no fault in maryland also .
well , no fault 's rather funny in colorado , because it seems that << pause >> everyone pays all the time -- yeah .
-- instead of just the guilty party pays .
it 's kind of , it 's kind of strange here the way things go .
uh , here if you have an accident and no one 's injured , the police wo n't even show up .
they say if nobody 's injured , you all exchange names and take it up with your insurance company .
well , if you , - i do n't know how familiar you are with maryland , but , uh , - not at all .
especially , the center part of maryland where i ninety-five runs through it is really heavily populated .
there 's just so many people and so many accidents every single day that it 'd take a whole another police force just to answer the traffic .
they do n't even try to keep up with it .
so you lived in texas for a while .
i spent , uh , couple of years down there .
moved down there in eighty-seven and moved out in eighty-nine .
are , where you from originally .
uh , right here in maryland .
huh , so you just basically went home when you had a chance .
yeah , my family , uh , did n't like texas , and i had a chance to , uh , transfer up .
t i bought a company about seven months after i moved to texas , right here in .
so i got an opportunity to transfer back , and i took it .
god , that 's great .
uh , i 'm a native texan .
there is a difference .
yeah , believe me , i know there is .
i lived in plano , and i do n't know if you 're familiar with plano -- yeah .
-- but plano , maybe five percent of the plano actually were from texas .
everybody else was an import .
well , i 'm a west texan .
lubbock , midland odessa -- yes .
-- amarillo , dumas , panhandle .
a different world from down there .
so , uh , colorado 's been fun .
but they have a real problem .
next to every window the state seems to have put up a turnstile .
and every time you look at a , look at the mountains -- yeah .
-- or think about looking at the mountains , you got to throw in a dollar .
or so it seems .
i may just be paranoid , but that state income tax is just eating me alive .
yeah , yeah , they have a state income tax in maryland .
school taxes and property taxes , property taxes and , - oh my god , ate you alive .
and i just do n't know , sir , but it seems like they trying to get you every which way .
yeah , it sure does .
um , there 's , uh , some good books that i 've read , um , that you might be interested in .
uh -- oh yeah ?
but he 's got a couple of books out .
one of them is called , uh , wealth without risk .
i 've heard of the book .
yes , it 's a very good book .
it 's tells you how to cut money on your taxes and on your insurance and then -- legally ?
-- what to do with the money that you save .
legally , yes , yes , cut money on your taxes .
uh , he also has a new book out that i purchased right before i moved and have n't had a chance to crack it open yet .
um , financial self defense is the name of it .
but i suggest it to anyone who wants to be better off financially to read it because , uh , - and that includes everyone at t i .
<laughter> yes , i 'm one of the ones that had my salary frozen for ninety-one .
well , even , the , you know , the nonexempts , technically yet we have n't had our salary frozen yet .
but when you 're only at living wage it does n't matter .
you know , survival is a funny state .
yeah , i know what you mean .
i , uh , when i was in dallas i was supervisor , and i had four non exempts , um , under me .
and , uh , i was appalled at what , how they were paying them .
i just could n't believe it .
did , well , i 've been with the company for sixteen years now .
i was a w f for several years , and it just n - , never seems to improve .
it , and it does n't seem to get much better for the exempts either , unless you 're twenty-eight or above .
it 's really a shame .
well , i , i 've , this company that they bought , they ended up buying a very high payroll .
and , uh , the , you know , i thought i was making a good wage , uh , so , you have children i take it ?
<noise> << sounds like she is cooking , i. e. banging pots , water , etc >> no , i do n't .
<laughter> so , it 's not a very valid topic .
no , it 's not .
do you have children ?
and , uh , <laughter> you know how they are at that age , i guess .
you having been ten once , <laughter> .
once upon a time i was .
well , i have two dogs , those are my kids .
oh , we have one .
<laughter> what kind is it ?
a fuzzy little dog .
yeah , yeah , they 're cute .
rather , rather odd personality , he , he 's fun .
anyway , uh , time we spend with our children .
<< pause >> it seems almost as though children hate it .
<laughter> time spent with mom and dad is , <noise> uh , next , is probably one of the worst punishments spent on earth to them .
yeah , especially when they get like into the teenage stage .
<< pause >> <laughter> yeah , i remember when i was that age .
they , you know , - parents are a curse that they just have to live with .
<sniffing> <noise> so , it , it 's interesting .
but we do spend time driving in the mountains , and ... - uh-huh .
oh , how nice , i would love to live up there .
do you work for t i ?
<noise> uh-huh , uh-huh .
you 're working then ?
with every passing day we wonder if we will be .
<laughter> that 's what i heard .
<noise> - it 's , it 's better to be employed .
especially these days where there is not a job right around the corner .
and that creates family tensions .
yeah , i 'm sure it does .
<sniffing> so , you only have the , you only have the stepdaughter at home ?
you all do n't have any other children around there ?
i do n't have any , an - , children .
so , how does she feel about going out and doing stuff with you all .
<laughter> uh , well it varies what it is , of course , but usually , <sniffing> mom and dad are a curse .
you know , they , they 'd much rather be with friends , oh , yeah .
friends are cool , parents are n't .
<laughter> no , huh-uh .
well , i remember , - well i 'm sure part of it is a male , female thing , you know , uh-huh .
go hunting , or go to the races , uh-huh .
or , or , oh , any number of things .
and we 'd have , um , great times , oh , yeah .
and it seems that well now the bank 's not available .
<< pause >> and , entirely too much time is spent , - my wife and i were wondering what if , uh-huh .
<< pause >> and , and what if 's always rough .
but , you know , we do have our trips and we do have our fun and , uh-huh .
<sigh> i do n't know , little girls are n't interested in lot of the same things little boys are or were .
<laughter> like fishing and ... - hunting and , and , -rsb- yeah .
uh , but they do n't like it .
<laughter> that 's probably right .
<door> there , there , there is a difference there .
and , and ... - no , if my dad had done that when i was a kid i probably would n't have liked it .
i go now , with my husband .
and , i enjoy it , but ... - well , girls at that age , uh-huh .
video games , boys and malls .
<laughter> yeah , yeah .
not necessarily in that order , <laughter> and friends of course .
and , that 's a little tough for fathers .
fathers do n't even like malls , they despise shopping .
so , is that quality time ?
huh , no , i think not .
yeah , if , - but there is camping and we both enjoy that .
uh-huh , she likes to do that ?
somewhat , yeah , yeah .
well , that 's good .
getting up in the mountains and getting away from it all and , uh-huh .
that 's somewhat fun .
she ... - it 's , - huh ?
so what do you think about child rearing ?
is , - how , how would you spend time with kids ?
probably doing outdoorsie stuff , and keeping , trying to keep them away from the t v , i guess <laughter> .
and , mcdonald 's <laughter> .
i , i always said that if i had a kid they would n't know what mcdonald 's is .
<sniffing> yeah , but - but , they learn from their friends , do n't they ?
well , yeah , and amazingly a lot of times it 's real easy .
you know , a lot of times , whenever we head out of town on a trip or something , uh-huh .
it 's real easy to swing in there for breakfast .
and breakfast is a kind of a funny meal anyway , yeah .
and , uh , kids eat funny .
and little girls are worse about it than little boys .
they ... - they 're always wanting to go on a diet or something .
or , or something , yeah .
influence them , uh-huh .
the eating meat kick .
you know , like it 's really morally wrong to eat meat or something , uh-huh .
i , i 'm not sure .
<laughter> of course , that 's not the way i was raised , being raised in west texas .
oh , is that where you 're from ?
born in denton , raised in lubbock .
so , i understand about bass .
but it , but it is interesting , uh-huh .
i , i will tell you , yeah .
<laughter> because everyone needs some torture in their lives .
<laughter> my mother used to put that curse on my sister .
i hope you have kids just like yourself .
<laughter> and , my grandmother must have put that on my dad because he got my sister , she 's just like him .
but , jenny is a sweet kid .
yeah , i 'm sure she is .
and , yeah , we do do things , yeah .
and , it , it 's funny , it 's almost like a lot of things that were available to us as children , uh-huh .
to go do , <barking> uh-huh .
the money 's not available .
<barking> uh-huh , i know , i do n't know how people can afford kids .
<throat_clearing> i mean ... - you know , we were talking about how much it cost to go to disney land .
a couple , three hundred dollars .
it 's , - i do n't see how anyone can afford it .
and , i understand six flags is real expensive now .
it 's , uh , i heard it 's twenty bucks a whack .
that is awful high .
oh , well ... - twenty bucks a whack now .
yeah , or twenty-one .
but , at least once you pay your way in there , yeah , yeah .
at six flags ... - yeah , everything 's free except for the food .
yeah , yeah , food and junk to carry out .
<laughter> <laughter> so that 's , that 's not as bad .
<laughter> you know , disney world or disney land .
or you 'd have to pay air fare , uh-huh .
and , ooh , for a family , you know , for a family it gets pretty expensive pretty quick .
rent a car when you get there and all that .
well , i like gardening a lot , i like to be outside , um .
i like gardening , i wish i had a green thumb , though .
i 've got a brown thumb .
that 's what everything turns .
oh <laughter> , is , - but , do you tr - , keep trying anyway ?
no , no , i 've never had any luck with their 's .
i guess , i guess these are going to croak too .
since i 've got cats , i decided to get some catnip .
lots and lots of catnip , so it 's , it 's still green , and it 's been two days so i 'm encouraged <laughter> .
yeah , there 's a , uh , - because they , - i do n't know , do you have lowe 's up there ?
uh , well , - its , uh , building , uh , contra - , or building supplies place .
um , they , they also have a garden shop and , uh-huh .
they , they offer just as good a guarantee , if you buy it from them .
oh , that 's great , yeah .
now our local stores do n't , do n't offer any guarantee .
but some of the , - the mail order ones that i 've dealt with for roses and that , they offer through , through the first summer .
yeah , yeah , yeah , something like that .
uh , i got a whole bunch of bulbs along with this stuff , so , i 'm going to wait on those .
oh , they 're bulbs for spring or fall ?
uh , probably spring , but , uh , i do n't much care about things like that .
i 'll , i 'll make a little sort of greenhouse , a miniature greenhouse to put all this stuff in .
something , something , to keep me occupied , you see .
i 'll , uh , buy some plastic and make a little house and , - <laughter> cute .
yeah , and watch the cats tear it up .
i do n't know that , do cats bother bulbs ?
i think more the mice or other rodents .
they , they just like to get in and dig .
oh , i see so if you have fresh dirt , they 'll <laughter> , - oh , they love to dig .
and then my cats got into it and started digging and that took care of that .
so , i have to hang these things high , so they ca n't get to them .
how many cats do you have ?
um , yeah , yeah , because they , they like to get in and fertilize things too .
but , uh , why would it be illegal ?
oh , uh , yeah , right .
and , you know , they want , uh , privacy fences .
well , if nobody , yeah , if nobody complains you 're all right .
well they do walking tours too , so .
um , yeah , an , and if somebody raises a stink about it you can always go before the association and argue your case anyway .
right , right , i me - , - you know , you do n't have to put up with all these wild critters coming into your property .
<laughter> right , the first year , the deer ate my garden , and i was just astounded .
i 'm going deer , right here in the city <laughter> .
yeah , right here , bambi <laughter> .
i just like playing with my computer and doing stuff on that .
uh , cooking , that 's not really a hobby , it 's a necessity .
but , but i enjoy it .
i like to think that i 'm a very good cook .
um , hobbies , that 's about it .
right that keeps you busy .
yeah , and raising cats .
<laughter> i mean that could become a hobby .
well , it 's , it started out as a hobby actually .
and now it developed in to going to cat shows and finding studs for them , and , you know , all this kind of stuff .
what kind of cats are they ?
uh , i 've got a , uh , a bombay , a turkish van and a himalayan persian .
yeah , the himie is probably the sweetest one .
she 's , she 's just a little sweetheart .
only going to breed them once .
and , uh , she 's not , she 's not feeling too great today .
um , is that typical , to only breed them once ?
i just think that it 's kind of , i do n't know , it 's kind of cruel .
you know , they just , they just breed these , they breed them before they 're ready , uh , and , right .
and i just do n't like that .
so will , you , uh , breed one of the litter , then next year ?
we 're , we sold all that litter , oh .
um , we , - there 's not that much call to , for bombays .
um , they 're , they 're registered but they 're not , they 're not , uh , they 're not show cats .
oh , i see .
uh , so all you can do is sell them as pet quality .
uh , so what you 've got is a registered pet .
and , not too many people want bombays .
they want things like himie persians and turkish vans .
turkish vans , if you 've never seen one , i mean , you would n't know that it was a pure bred .
it 's just , uh , medium size short hair cat .
it 's got , - he 's mostly white with , uh , brown and black patches .
but they have nice personalities and they 're very inquisitive .
it 's just the stud fees are so much , though .
it 'll cost about three hundred dollars for a stud for her .
we , we want to breed her with a champion , so .
now these are long haired ?
yeah , the persian is , uh-huh , uh-huh .
and the other two are short hairs .
uh , that 's nice .
yeah , she 's , uh , she 's sweet .
going to have some nice kittens , i hope .
people do n't realize it but they 're sort of like , uh , siamese in a way .
they have the , uh , they have the gloves on the paws and they 're , they 're usually two colored .
and yeah , she 's , she 's quite attractive looking .
hope , hope the stud will find her attractive .
<laughter> and that she has kittens that look like her .
and , and that she has a whole bunch of kittens .
but we have to be careful , uh , you know , we have to get a particular color point , uh , stud .
you ca n't just breed them with anything .
we have to get a , uh , we have to get a silver point himie , so that the silver will be predominate in the kittens .
<laughter> you ca n't just tell them that anyway , but <laughter> .
- that 's right .
well it really sounds like , uh , uh , a business more than a hobby .
well actually , i mean , it , it is a business in a way , but it , it 's a lot of fun as a hobby .
especially when you go to shows and get to see all the different cats .
we 're , we 're about to get another breed , we 're go - , we 're going to buy a devon rex .
and i did n't , i do n't like devon rexes at first .
it 's a , well actually it 's a mutant .
it , it comes from england and , uh , fr - , in the county of devon .
and it 's a mutant cat .
and they 're , they 're pretty expensive , we 're going to , we 're going to shell out probably about a thousand bucks for one .
um , they 're very thin , they 're , they 're , they 're long and lanky and skinny .
and they have real short hair .
it 's curly , as a matter of fact .
um , yeah , it , it , it 's a strange looking cat .
uh , i did n't like them at first .
they 've got great big ears , okay .
well , ho - , how do you feel about , uh , drug testing ?
um , i would never , i would never have a problem with anyone testing me , but i can understand why people would object .
so , i guess , uh , i guess , uh , i 'm kind of mixed on it , yeah .
still at this point .
it , - that 's right .
and i do n't like the idea of it , it 's , it 's , makes too much of a big brother type of thing .
that 's absolutely right .
is , is definitely not acceptable .
uh , uh , i do n't think anybody would ever argue that .
yeah , yeah , i think so too .
but , you know , it 's one of those things .
and their expertise or whatever .
and , uh , there 's , there 's a lot involved there .
well , you know , if , if they have time enough they can , yeah , if they really can , stay off of it .
um , as far as the new hires , i , i hired on just early enough that i , i missed it .
it 's , uh , you know , it , it 's changing the rules in the middle of the game basically and , uh , yeah .
you know <laughter> , let them have it from one end to the other , you bet .
vehemently but , uh , it has quieted down , but i do n't think they probably feel any differently , no , that 's right .
and some , some of them did quit the company .
um , to all of a sudden , uh , search for attitudes and whatnot .
but , uh , - yeah <laughter> .
yeah , i would n't like anything of that nature , you know , uh-huh .
no , i , - do n't tell me what to do , you know .
well , i guess too if i thought that this would help really and truly do away with the drug problem , then that would be one thing .
what 's going on in the street .
is something that still bothers me .
it , it 's , - that , - yes .
you know , that just really rubbed me the wrong way .
and that , - i , i do n't know if , uh , i do n't know if everybody understands all the implications on that too .
yeah , i , i think you understand what i 'm getting at , yeah .
it , it can still show up and it can still flag as a positive and , + right .
and those kinds of things obviously that 's not the intent , no .
and , uh , those are the kinds of things that still can show up .
and then you end up with the same problem and you take their leftover medicine , that 's not allowed .
you know , that 's , that 's totally out .
but , uh , - well , i guess we 've exhausted that one .
yeah , yeah , i think so <laughter> .
<laughter> enjoyed talking to you .
well , what 's your views on it ?
i think it 's , uh , a good idea .
um , i grew up , uh , - my teenage years were spent during the sixties , graduating , uh , high school in sixty-eight .
um , i remember when the peace corps movement first came about , and i thought it was a very good idea at the time .
i was one of those , uh , kennedy children , if you know what i mean .
and , uh , right now i see a lot of kids who get out of school , have no idea what they want to do .
and there 's a lot of things out there that we could do , uh , for our own country , sure .
let alone other countries , sure .
um , -rsb- yeah .
and there 's a lot of housing , yeah .
and it 's just , you know , sitting there wasting away .
yeah , we 're not too far behind <horn> .
i graduated in seventy-one , so i 'm , i 'm same generation .
i , i 'm , - it 's going to be a short conversation because i agree with you .
uh , for kids to either , either do military service , or public service , one of the two .
uh , a lot of reasons for that , not , not just because i 'm a , i 'm a hard ass or anything .
and , i think that it might stop us some problems later on .
yeah , i think a lot of people grow up with , uh , with , uh , preconceived notions li - , what the world 's about .
a lot of it has to do from too much t v , oh , yeah , yeah .
i , uh , thought i was smart , ran away and got married , <laughter> .
and just have to do homework , and , and go work my part time job .
because , life , and the reality of working for a living , and trying to make ends meet , is just so overwhelming to someone , yeah .
if they are n't prepared for it .
and , and most of them are n't .
you know , why is n't somebody stepping in and , and sto - , putting a stop to this .
kids in high school are just too young to be married .
they ha - , they have no idea what the world is like .
they do n't how tough it is out there to make a living .
yeah , a , - uh , i mean , i was in the same boat when i left high school .
i , my parents wanted me to go straight to college and i did n't .
you know , i was ready , i was ready , i had wanderlust , i wanted to get out and see some things .
so , i joined the air force and ended up staying there for thirteen years .
and know how bad off some people really are , and how good they 've got it , that 's right <throat_clearing> .
and what it takes to have that good life , that 's right .
a - , if you 're willing to work for it , uh-huh .
then they 're probably be more inclined to work for it .
i mean , this would be so useful , just in , uh , for instance , just helping old folks .
you know , it finally got to a point where she just had to sell it and move into an apartment .
you know , like the , like the yard work and little repairs , and painting and stuff like that .
those doing the work , and those receiving the , the , uh , the services .
<< pause >> you know , you s - , uh , - peop - , people just do n't help people anymore .
they 're , they 're out for themselves and , - yeah .
yeah , well that 's , that 's the , that 's the point we 've gotten to , you know .
every time somebody wants something they always turn to the government .
and , y - , the government 's going to be limited .
i , where are they going to get the money ?
they 're going to get it from us .
and we can do it a lot more efficiently than the government .
we do n't need to add fourteen layers of bureaucracy to a program .
and , uh , it was , it was a pretty neat little program .
and we 'd put up houses .
and , that was kind , that was kind of neat .
i , uh , in a way , i think it 's a little bit inefficient , but , but it 's better than nothing .
and , and at least i had the opportunity of seeing two families move into decent housing .
because it 's far more advantageous for them to sit there and just draw , uh , welfare money than it is to work .
and they came out four thousand dollars better a year , by taking welfare .
so there 's no incentive for them to do anything .
<< pause >> far better for them to sit on their butts and draw the money .
you had to do some work .
and , - yeah .
a - , an - , and that 's been tried , that was tried in alabama too , and it got shot down .
i d - , and i do n't understand the reasoning for it .
i really do n't .
it , it seems perfectly logical that if somebody 's going to take public money , then they should return something to the public .
i mean , if nothing else , go out along an interstate and pick up garbage .
that 's exactly what they were trying to get them to do .
what do they , what do they do in maryland , do they use highway people or do they use prisoners ?
tha - , that 's the way they did it in alabama , too .
yeah , they use both .
u - , usually you 'd see these big chain gangs out there , <laughter> picking up trash .
uh , they have a , they have another program in maryland that 's called adopt a highway .
yeah , we have that here in north carolina .
so , do you fish ?
my dad has a lake cabin , and so we go there for the small lake , uh , just outside of the dallas fort worth area .
it takes us about three hours to get there .
and we go , and we fish , and we catch a bunch of junk <laughter> .
nothing , nothing to talk about for the most part , but it 's fun .
uh , from a boat or from shore ?
from the dock , from shore .
oh , that 's nice .
uh , mostly catfish or , - oh , mostly we catch carp .
if we 're doing good , we catch a catfish or two once in a while .
and , you know , we go ahead and eat those .
but we 've never caught enough to really have what you 'd call a fish fry .
and , and somebody takes it home and eats it then when there 's just a couple people instead of a whole crowd .
usually , there 's a pretty good crowd there , so we do n't ever catch enough to eat .
carp is usually pretty much fun .
because i 've caught up to about an eight pound carp on a little , you know , a little pole with twenty pound test line .
and that , that 's a pretty good fight .
so that 's a lot of fun .
a real light line , real light rig ?
well , that sounds like fun .
fish in colorado s - , different than that .
mostly trout in the mountains .
yeah , and in the rivers and stuff ?
yeah , yeah , mountain streams and rivers .
are they good to eat ?
uh , yeah , very .
yeah , very much there , you know .
oh , you mean size wise they 're not very big ?
um , by and large , no .
but , but they 're big fun .
well , i 've been , - is that mostly , uh , fly fishing when you 're doing that or , - what ?
are you fly fishing or are you using a bobber ?
i , i , i 'm a fly fisherman .
yeah , i , i cast a ways .
i 'm not highly proficient , but it 's fun .
i 've never even tried that .
well , let me explain fly , fly fishing to you then .
you 're not casting a weight on the end of the line ?
you 're casting the weight of the line .
with the little thing on the end .
yeah , well , yeah , i thought it had a weight .
the fly on the end weighs nothing .
it weighs less than the line .
so what you do is , you strip off , oh , four , five , six little rolls , coils , of line into your hand .
and you whip the line .
as you whip it , over your head , uh-huh .
or side to side , you slowly feed out more and more .
so you 're fishing downstream so it will carry some ?
well , no , no .
oh , you fish upstream ?
and then you let it carry it downstream .
and then you reel it in , and you do it again .
you hope that they think it 's a bug and , + yeah , exactly .
uh , from what i 'm seeing and hearing and all , the , the big pattern that 's really looking forward for spring is the grub pattern .
that 's a fish ?
it , it looks like a grub .
oh , it 's a , it 's a lure .
okay , whenever you , - yeah , a lure , a fly .
whenever you have a , something that looks like something else -- uh-huh .
-- and it 's a fly , you call it a pattern .
all right , uh , you know , there 's bumble bee patterns -- uh-huh .
-- there 's <sneezing> , excuse me .
uh , there 's bumble patterns , there 's mosquito patterns , there 's wasp patterns , there 's grub patterns .
you can buy them .
uh , i 've got some .
they seemed to have been hitting real heavy on it in fall .
oh , it 's just , that , that just happens to be what the fish like this year , huh ?
you know how that changes , the phase of the moon and , - <laughter> i guess so .
we tend to use just bait .
yeah , i , i , + and , a few lures , but bait tends to work the best , just some blood bait .
you see , i 'm from west texas .
oh , are you ?
where are you from ?
oh , i 'm from midland .
oh , another west texan .
i went to college at tech , so .
you 've been out to buffalo gap fishing .
i 've been up there .
it , + i did n't catch anything , but i 've been up there <laughter> .
it , it 's kind of nice way to get away from everything for the day .
yeah , it 's fun .
take a picnic lunch .
i used to do that with my dad .
every once in a while we 'd go out on a saturday and just spend the day .
before it got too hot .
well , there you fish mornings and evenings .
<laughter> yeah , we do most of our fishing at night .
just from the heat of it all .
that 's one advantage you 've certainly got on us .
it , at times , gets incredibly hot here .
i 've only been up there once .
well , no , i 've been up there twice in the summer .
but both times it was really pleasant .
in fact , it snowed on us in , in , - gosh , when was that ?
we were in mesa verde park , and it was like the end of ju - .
it was just before july fourth .
and it was twenty-eight , twenty-nine degrees .
we were out in this silly tent with regular little sleeping bags , not knowing any better <laughter> .
and here it went and it froze , and it snowed on us .
we did not know what to do about it .
fishing is not just , just dragging fish out of the water .
it 's , it 's a total experience , you know , getting out in nature and , yeah .
hearing the crickets , and listening to the birds and , uh-huh .
seeing the squirrels and , do , + camping out , and eating out , yeah .
of doors and , - do you have to , do you wear waders when you fish ?
uh , i probably ought to .
goodness , it must be a little bit cold .
yeah , yeah , well , you know , that 's cold water around there .
ankle deep or standing on the bank , and slipping it out there .
out there , and you know how it is .
the water 's kind of , - yeah .
and you get , you get a little more carried away with it , and you move a little closer .
and then you 're in to it just a little bit , and then you splash in and , yeah .
the next thing you know , your knees are wet .
<laughter> do you have any kids that you take fishing ?
uh , got a stepdaughter .
she 's real sweet .
and , uh , at times she enjoys it , at times not .
a fuzzy little dog .
<laughter> i have a three and a half year old and a one and a half year old .
and the little one , of course , is , could care less .
that was what he considered fishing <laughter> .
this year , he 's gotten to where he can .
and he started trying to cast it .
so , he , he was kind of getting there but he 's , + yeah , you guys sure want to be out of range .
he 's at a dangerous point right now <laughter> .
he understands the mechanics of pushing the button and throw , but not necessarily the direction it 's going to go in .
last year , we had a , oh , just a wonderful trip up to travers lake .
oh , it was cold , and rain the whole time .
and we still had a good time out , yeah .
well , that 's good .
uh , and colorado is a beautiful place to live .
my husband would like to live there , but i do n't know .
all of our family is here so , - well , and you 've got to have , you 've got to work for a living .
well , yeah , but t i is up there , so <laughter> that part of it would probably work out <static> <noise> .
what division you all in ?
i 'm sorry , what ?
what division are you all in ?
we 're both , uh , - i was , uh , military , but he 's division three .
it goes back and forth .
division , well , maybe division one right now .
he 's in computers .
so , - well , the only thing up here , and he 's in school , is division one .
i have some friends who work up there .
kathy and kevin guy .
and they like to fish .
they 've been inviting us to come up there in the summer .
her dad has a cabin , and they go fishing , up there .
oh , fishing 's , + so that would be neat to , fishing is fun up here .
it 's not , - try it some time .
it seems like the success ratio , the success rate here is not as good as on some of the better lakes there .
but <sigh> it is fun .
you know , it seems more relaxing , there 's <static> more to look at .
<laughter> definitely more to look at .
and , and there 's something about listening to water run that 's relaxing to the soul <static> .
you know , if you 're , if you 're just sitting on a nice hot lake , - yeah .
the only thing you 've got to watch is when that creek comes up .
we camped next to one , one time when we were there a couple of summers ago .
and we figured we were up a long way off .
and then it rained that night , and we thought , well , wonder how far off we are ?
and it 's like , oh , well , maybe we ought to move just a touch .
so , that was kind of funny .
yeah , it , it is interesting to watch that water rise all of a sudden .
yeah , i just love the way it looks .
you know , at , even though it was , it was really summer down here .
and , and the , i guess the creek , the mountains were really starting to melt , and the creek was just wild , just running .
and , and all the white water and noise and the , - it was just beautiful .
i - , it gets f - , foamy almost .
and you know it 's just pure and pristine .
uh-huh , yeah , well sometimes i 'm home and sometimes i 'm not , but if i am it 's always fun to talk .
are , are you part of the school system out there ?
i am , as a matter of fact .
i 'm at , uh , north carolina state .
i guess they pass the names amongst your computer students , or whatever .
yeah , i think i was the one who did that actually .
oh is that ri - , - great , great .
yeah , i had a , uh , - i teach a course in voice i o systems .
oh , is that right ?
oh , yeah , i talked to one , we 're not on the subject .
of course , i talked to one , i think he had a whole bunch of calls .
he had a roommate that had calls and everything .
okay , you first on the subject , wha - , what do you think , about latin america ?
uh , let 's see , the subject is , latin america .
latin america , yeah .
they say peru ca n't be traveled to and the crime rate in brazil makes it not a pleasant place to go and so on and so forth .
and they had quite a few , uh , locations , not quite a few , several , in latin america .
that is a sad situation .
uh , not that we can , uh , sell any great program we have with crime , but , uh .
i think , uh , i 'm kind of like you , i do n't have any strong opinions on it .
i guess maybe that 's our biggest problem we have with our , our neighbors down there is that we do n't have any .
i do n't really know why though .
and , uh , that 's certainly from a historical point of view , would be true .
<throat_clearing> i mean certainly we took far more from mexico than saddam hussein ever dreamed of taking , in , in his wildest dreams from his neighbors .
they would like to say that we 're north americans because they 're americans too , you know , and i guess that 's true .
we think of ourselves as the only americans , when they 're americans , too .
as mexicans , yes that , that , - and they can stand on their heads if they want too , <laughter> .
but i do n't think that they 're going , they 're going to change that , and , + no , no , i know .
i just do n't think of mexicans as being north americans , although , i guess , strictly speaking they are .
oh , i see <throat_clearing> .
we 're not americans , we 're north americans and they 're south americans , yeah .
i do n't know .
i do think we should deal more with them .
you probably do n't see that .
where , we see it , you know , once a month .
i 'm sure in san antonio they see it more often than that .
well i grew up in los angeles .
okay , well you see it , saw it out there then , too .
and , uh , it was , it was pretty wild .
uh , and i think a lot of their problems is poverty .
and there 's got to be trade .
i guess that 's some of the answer , i guess is business , uh .
and we need , we need to do more of that , uh , somehow .
and encourage more business , yeah .
they 've got to have a lot of resources i would think .
an enormous amount of , of well potential that way .
yeah , uh , wha - , what are you taking in school , i 'm sorry .
i did n't ask you that .
what are you taking in school ?
well i am actually , - oh , yo - , you 're an instructor , yeah .
yeah , you 're an instructor , yeah , you said .
yeah , i 'm the , i 'm the teacher , i give , <laughter> as it were .
are you teaching computer science ?
wha - , you said , what were you saying you were teaching there ?
yeah , i 'm in computer science and , great , great .
yeah , well they record these and then somebody transcribes them so that they , + uh-huh .
they have , uh , they have a speech signal and what , and what is said .
but , uh , i know your voice in your own head resonates a different way .
uh , go ahead , yo - , you comment on it , yeah , i 'm glad that you 're in the business .
you would n't have to have a keyboard , <throat_clearing> .
i think we 're overtaxed to the hilt .
i mean we do n't have one yet , but eventually they may try to push it through .
so they have n - , i did n't realize they had no state tax in texas .
no , no state income tax .
oh , that 's great , because they do n't have it in florida .
in new york they have it .
i mean , you know , like i say , i 'm in new york and we have a state tax as well .
so that just cuts even more .
yeah , i think what needs to be done is they need to control their spending habits .
you know , y - , you do n't see it going to any place where it belongs .
well we 're really overburdened from federal , state and local , uh-huh << softly >> .
that it takes such a size out of your paycheck that there 's not a whole lot you can always do with your paycheck .
well that 's certainly true .
they just do n't , they 're just not very good at doing what they 're supposed to be doing .
well they 're kind of put into a trap of being out there to please the special interest groups as well .
and by doing so , they 're not obligated to anybody .
i agree , i agree .
and i believe the social security tax is a great scheme .
yeah , it 's , uh , you know , - right now , they 're robbing from it to pad the federal deficit .
i know and that scares the hell out of me .
yeah , tha - , that 's illegal , see .
if , uh , most company , uh , c e o - s were to do that within their private company , they 'd be in jail .
<laughter> so how are we letting them get away with it .
yeah , i do n't , i do n't , - well becau - , because they 're the ones who make the laws .
to see if we could sort of clean them up and you know , but i do n't know if we can do that or not .
in the taxing system .
i agree , i agree .
i sort of , i sort of get discouraged when i think about all the things that i think are wrong <breathing> <laughter> .
you know , all those things that really could be changed that are n't , you know , that , that are n't .
and tax is one of those things that just sort of sits way up there on the list .
so , i do n't kno - , - i , i , i have no idea what to do about it .
well there 's no quick solution , or no sure fire easy answer .
or vote to limit the way it 's spent .
see , we , we 're , we have no say so as to where the money goes in the first place .
right and they are controlled , or pretty much do what they want to do .
right , i 've never quite understood that .
and often times that will happen .
well they feel invu - , invulnerable to , uh , any wrath or , right <clicking> .
and generally it does work out that way .
and they can turn around and say well my opponent did this .
i do n't know , i just , uh , i 'm unhappy with it but .
and what i make is n't taxed very highly because i 'm still in school .
well when you get out into the real world then you 'll know .
<door> especially around bonus time .
bonus time , you have a bonus ?
bonus , she , - no , my , my wife does .
my wi - , - i don - , - no graduate students do n't get bonuses .
we 're lucky to get paychecks the way i figure .
so you 're taxed on the bonuses too , right .
my , my wife is taxed on her bonus as well , and that 's a , that 's usually a big chunk of her bonus check actually .
so she gets destroyed on her bonus check .
so , she works with in , in , in sales .
so a good portion of her , you know , her salary is , is quarterly bonuses .
uh , sales is lucrative but then you 're paying really high taxes when you 're doing a lucrative job .
until i can get a real salary and then get taxed more .
well , i have , i guess about said what a - , all i can think of to say .
same here , tough topic so .
- yeah , it 's re - , a rather touchy topic at that , but <laughter> .
- i beli - , - i , i , i do agree with you , most , most wholeheartedly .
well that 's great .
it 's been a pleasure talking with you .
you too , and , uh , - thanks for call .
have a good day .
<breathing> i 'll let you go ahead <laughter> .
i , uh , i have five children all together .
uh , my oldest two are already out and about in the world and i , uh , have a set of twins that are fourteen -- oh .
-- and , uh , my youngest is twelve .
i always thought it 'd be great to have twins .
if you like doing everything twice <breathing> .
well , yeah <laughter> .
uh , at any rate , um , my first two children , uh , i did n't spend a whole lot of time with them .
was more than a full-time job .
worked about fifty-one hours a week , because i worked every , <breathing> worked eleven hours every sunday .
your first ones you mean , it , yeah .
the , + was this way ?
yeah , the f - , - well , it was with all of them , uh-huh .
but it was , uh , more an impact , i think , on the oldest two .
and , uh , they never , you know , i do n't think they noticed i was n't around that much .
you know , with all the children around the house , it 's , right .
kind of hard to notice that dad is n't around , <laughter> .
and , uh , so , then i came out and was making as much money forty hours a week as i did fifty-one hours , uh-huh .
so , i 've tried to spend more time with , uh , the children since then .
um , what i 'm currently doing is , uh , taking a lot of time .
i 'm helping the kids more with their homework in the evenings .
um , we just started a thing where every other week we go to , uh , movies .
there 's a movie theater that offers dollar movies on wednesday nights .
and so , every couple of weeks we will go to the movies because that 's how often they change the , uh-huh .
and , it 's working out pretty well .
um , we 're spending more time together .
um , he 's taken off for parts unknown , that 's difficult .
but , uh , yeah .
a - , and , uh , my daughter is , um , <smack> has moved out of the house .
her and i get along a lot better now that she 's moved <laughter> out of the house <laughter> .
it happens that way <laughter> .
and i noticed parents not spending time with their , uh-huh .
children and , and going out and doing things .
and , you know , i knew like the kids next door were all into cocaine and , um , uh-huh .
you know , it just , you know , - i saw the family falling apart down , texas is , there .
much worst for the drugs .
i mean , it was bad enough every place else , but drugs is , in texas , are extremely bad .
and so , i think it 's kind of important that i , that i , you know , nurture the relationship i have with my children now .
and i 'm doing my best -- uh-huh .
-- to keep that up .
well , that 's all you can do .
what 's your , been your experience ?
well , i , i was going to ask , too , does your wife work ?
um , she did n't up until the last , oh , six months .
she just recently started working then .
<smack> she just recently , uh-huh .
uh , she worked a job until we moved to our new house and , uh , she quit that job because it was too inconvenient .
uh , she starts a new job tomorrow , which should take her out of the house about four days a week .
so , that sounds great .
<smack> well , uh , <smack> we also have five children .
and , but ours are all out of the nest <laughter> .
when you have younger ones to take care of , you maybe sometimes do not take as much time for the older ones .
giving us things to do with the children .
and uh , we try to take a vacation with them every year , camping of some sort , something that was n't expensive .
and , uh , our youngest is , uh , expecting her first baby .
so , they 're , they 're all out and on their own .
<noise> they 're , - and we have one to get married yet <laughter> .
and they 'll all be married .
uh , and they 're , they 're all doing pretty good .
they , uh , - t lives in pittsburgh , you probably do n't know where that is .
two of our children live there .
uh , one , i , like i said , lives near maryl - , in , in around maryland , d c .
he works right on the border of d c. uh-huh .
and one lives in connecticut << tape skips on speaker a 's section >> and our baby lives just a mile over the hill <laughter> , <laughter> .
so , we 'll get to see her a little more than , uh , what we do the other ones .
i 've , i 've noticed , uh , another thing , um , <smack> when i was younger my father was always working .
well , and , - they have to .
and , uh , you know , he , uh , he worked a full-time job and a part-time job , uh-huh .
and i never saw him .
so , i did n't have much of a role model to go by .
to go , to follow .
know , to learn how to be a , a father and , uh-huh .
a parent , and that kind of thing , because , yeah .
i , i ca n't ever remember playing ball with my dad or , uh-huh .
catch with my dad , or doing anything with my dad .
and that does make a big difference .
-- then it 's kind of tough .
you know , everybody 's not father knows best .
yeah , that 's , + but , - that 's , - well none of us are .
let 's face it , yeah .
you know , we 're not none of us like they pro- , portray it on those shows .
i mean , yeah .
life 's much more difficult than that .
she has two boys .
and , she works full time and i have mixed feelings about that .
she 's able to do that and i do n't know if she 'd be happy to stay at home .
but , yet , on the other hand , i , i 've got the mixed feelings that i think you should be at home with your children .
i 'm kind of old fashioned , i guess , that way .
but they seem to , they seem to give , uh , quality time to those children when they are together .
and , and so , it seems , <noise> it seems for them that it works out all right .
so , i do n't know .
i , i do n't think i ever would have had what it would take to work full time and raise a family .
i , - it 's , it 's not easy .
as best i could at home .
and , uh , y - , as you know , with five children it takes a lot of work .
it does , even , it , it , - yeah .
if , even if someone 's home all the time , there 's still a lot of things that have to be done .
what line of work are you in now since you went to school and , - uh , well , now i work for texas instruments .
oh , so , + okay .
so , i 'm in computers .
a lot of the people i 've , that 's call - , i 've talked to work for , uh , for the same .
and so , i 've , uh , - prior to that i , uh , i worked in a food store .
and , uh , you know , wor - , - which your income would be a lot better , uh , now .
it , uh , it was , uh , it was a , a smart move to make .
i was more intelligent than the position i was holding .
and , uh , and it 's , it was , - kind of a waste of a person .
i , i , -rsb- you know .
felt that it certainly was , i mean , uh-huh .
i was smarter than most of the people that i was working for .
and , uh , you know , every time something new came up , i was explaining it to them .
uh , i , and you , + had , - you recognized this and , no <breathing> .
was able to , you know , yeah .
i , uh , - do something about it .
i , uh , started back to school .
in fact , i was going to school while i was working fifty-one hours a week and that 's why i , you know -- - uh-huh .
and , the only thing you can remember is to <laughter> << tape skips >> try and stay together as much as you can , <laughter> .
because it 's very easy to , uh , become , go your own direction -- yeah <breathing> .
-- when you 're s - , when you 're working so hard and going to school , too .
well , it , it all paid off .
well , that 's wonderful .
so , uh , you know , i got my degree and got the better paying job , and -- uh-huh .
-- and , uh , you know , we , i think as a family we 're a lot better off .
it sounds to me like , uh , you 're doing well .
my husband 's retired , so , uh , he 's been retired for three years now .
that 's quite a change .
<breathing> yeah , well , my goal is to try to retire by the time i 'm fifty-five .
oh , well , he made it at fifty <laughter> .
but , uh , nevertheless retired .
well , i 'm << fade out >> .
- so eating out .
what are you interested in in restaurants ?
we eat out quite a bit , it 's just my husband and i at home now .
- uh , once a week , twice a week ?
oh , at least once a week .
we 're , we 're retired now .
when we working out we ate out more than that <laughter> .
yeah , i understand .
uh , but we both work and we have a daughter , and we normally manage to eat out once a week anyway .
well , what type of restaurant do you like , richard ?
uh , really , i 'm kind of open on food .
i 'm what you might call a culinary adventurer .
i 'll , <laughter> .
uh , try anything once .
been on a real barbecue kick lately .
we eat , <cough> .
a lot of chinese food .
uh , yeah , we usually have chinese once a month .
what do you look for in a restaurant ?
i hate franchised restaurants .
you , - i despise -- oh i , - -- franchised restaurants .
i , i , i always prefer to go to something that seems more family run .
uh , some place where you seem to have the attitude like you 're going into their home for dinner almost .
i know what you mean .
i like some ambiance , and i like good food .
i do n't like fast food hamburgers <laughter> and all of that .
i do n't , but i do n't like something fake or put on either .
you know , if i could have a good small restaurant or a good large restaurant i 'd go to the good small restaurant .
and <breathing> i do n't know why that is .
i think it 's probably due to pricing , often .
i do n't care to go to a place just for the price of it <laughter> .
well , yeah , yeah , i mean , it 's like continental french restaurant or something really -- yeah .
-- with high prices and seven courses is n't what i usually look for <laughter> .
it is what you look for ?
it is n't , no that is n't what i look for .
oh , is n't , is n't .
uh , i try to get my money 's worth .
and not just that , i try to , well , that 's a big part of it .
i try to get my money 's worth .
you know , and not just in quantity , you know , but quality , and , and flavor and texture and care .
presentation and , - well , presentation 's not always all of it either .
well , like -- it 's , it 's important .
but sunday we went there , and i had a pretty good meal of grilled pork chops and a baked apple and potatoes .
so i said if they would just add a little bit of cranberry sauce , something like that <laughter> .
- yeah , yeah , something a little extra -- yeah , that 's what i mean by , - -- and just for color if nothing else .
it would mean a lot to the looks of the plate .
what i miss up here is , - i 'm originally a texan , and i miss home cooked mexican .
yeah , home cooked tex-mex .
uh , mexican restaurants where it 's not owned by an anglo or a corporation .
right , i know .
-- better than tex-mex .
well , there 's real mexican food and there 's real tex-mex mexican , you know , by third or fourth generation americans -- right .
-- of hispanic heritage .
it 's all pretty good , is n't it ?
right , uh-huh , that 's true .
- i 'm originally from maine , so we like seafood , too .
and that 's something we do n't get here , and we 're in the mountains in virginia .
and most of the seafood 's frozen .
uh , yeah that 's the way it is here in colorado , also .
no fresh , or almost no fresh seafood -- right .
-- and in texas we got it from the gulf .
uh-huh , that 's true .
and , yeah , here a couple years ago my wife and i went to seattle on vacation .
<< pause >> and i think everything except breakfast was seafood for almost a week .
i know it <laughter> .
and it was , << pause >> i was like a man starving at every meal .
<laughter> i know the feeling .
we do the same thing .
it 's a lot cheaper there , is n't it ?
oh , yeah , yeah .
it 's like -- it 's like shrimp on the gulf .
-- two ninety-eight a pound for a pound lobster .
two ninety-eight a pound .
that 's as cheap as steaks some places -- oh yeah , cheaper , right .
-- i mean in a grocery store .
a lot of the restaurants you can get two pou - , two one pound lobsters for like ten ninety-nine .
oh , my gosh .
i 've got to go to maine then <noise> << dishes rattling in background >> .
you may have sold a trip for some time .
yeah , it 's a good place to go .
uh , it sounds wonderful .
uh , so , - lots of little restaurants , too , with home cooked food , that 's up there .
uh , down in the gulf i 've eaten a bunch of those little << pause >> uh , seafood shacks , we 've called them .
and , uh , it 's just so much different than to eat something that 's been frozen .
you know << pause >> -- we went to gal - , + -- shrimp straight out of the bay .
we were in galveston last year aft - , right aft - , well , the first of this year , actually .
and , ate in a restaurant , and they claimed to have the best shrimp on the gulf coast .
on the way across louisiana , we pulled off , we saw a billboard and just pulled off taking a chance on a place .
and then one complete seafood buffet .
<laughter> that was the best shrimp i have ever had in my life .
they had shrimp fixed probably six different ways .
uh , yes , the cajuns .
they can , they can do things to shrimp that , that no one else can .
so , have you eaten crawfish yet ?
uh , i tried it , but i did n't care for it .
not there , but at my brothers i tried it .
oh , as with anything , it 's preparation .
that 's probably true .
it , i was n't hungry , it was n't a meal .
we just , he went down and bought some at a -- uh .
-- local place that steams them , just so we 'd try them .
it , - there 's all kinds , probably needed some cold beer with it and <laughter> , - <laughter> so you do eat out a lot .
one of our other real problems with going out to eat , sunday morning brunches .
you know , sunday brunch , all , all you can eat brunches .
we used to do that , once in a while , but we do n't anymore .
uh , we still find it fun .
it 's fun , but it 's just so much food <laughter> .
hate to come away feeling uncomfortable <laughter> .
well , i work in machine shop and do a lot of physical labor .
do you , well that makes a difference .
and so , - where do you go to brunches ?
like at hotels , or restaurants there ?
yeah , uh , actually one of our , one of our favorites is a chain .
oh , yeah , uh-huh .
we eat at shoney 's .
and , and drive through woodland park and go for a short drive in the mountains and have breakfast .
uh-huh , that sounds nice .
it , it , it 's the way to spend a nice sunday morning .
right , i imagine it is .
i think it 's as much the , the trip to the mountains as it is the breakfast brunch .
you know , and it 's not that far .
it 's thirty miles .
whe - , - out of , which direction ?
out of , which direction from there ?
-- west out of colorado springs .
well , jean , the subject is jury trials and should the jury recommend , uh , sentencing .
now my personal opinion , - i do n't know .
it 's just not right .
i think i agree with that very much .
and therefore -- i , - do you , - -- i think juries should be able to recommend sentencing .
yes , very possibly .
so many of us have led sheltered lives -- uh-huh .
-- unfortunately , i wish i could have .
is there a reason why you have never , - i 've just never been called up .
my husband works as a police man , so i always assumed that that was why i was never called .
well now , that 's possible .
but , uh , i was called up as an alternate once , but i -- uh-huh .
-- never made it to the jury .
uh , do they have such a thing now as a six man jury ?
not that i know of .
uh-huh << pause >> .
uh , i 've never heard of it .
i never had either , but i just wondered .
<throat_clearing> <cough> uh , well , there again , uh , i suppose it should be .
that would mean they all would have to decide -- exactly .
-- one way or the other .
is it guilt or innocence .
but then again , so many times you get one or two holdouts , and , and -- uh-huh .
-- it permits the criminal to get a retrial .
and there , - that 's not too bad in this sense , because you might get someone in their that 's a victim of circumstances -- uh-huh .
-- i mean , that 's happened -- uh-huh , uh-huh .
-- and giving them another trial might give them additional time to , uh , prove their innocence .
bring some of these things out .
we ca n't overlook the fact that there are innocent people that do get involved in jury trials .
un , apparently there are .
-- some part of whatever they 're accused of .
i have , i still have a little bit of a problem with that .
oh , that 's it , and you just might resemble somebody .
uh , out here in texas we had a , a , a , great miscarriage of justice .
it was finally , after nine years , it was finally , uh , taken care of .
we had , - a black man was accused simply because he resembled -- oh .
-- uh , someone who stuc - , who held up , a , seven eleven , i think it was .
they found him guilty .
when people said he was at work ?
well , they said it w - , - this , this happened during lunch time .
and he could have disap - , gotten away at lunch time -- uh-huh .
-- and committed the robbery .
oh , for heaven 's sake .
so there 's nine years of that man 's life gone .
now that just was not fair .
and , + unfortunately , that 's what happens .
well , it 's not , the , uh , uh , it 's not the best system , but it 's the best one in the world .
yeah , it 's the best one that exists , i guess .
oh , i think a lot of people are .
i think they 've lost sight of some things that are very important to our country .
well , it , - the , the , the first amendment definitely says freedom of speech -- uh-huh .
-- not freedom of action .
<laughter> that bad , huh .
i would n't like it , but i do n't know if i 'd go that far .
well , i happen to be a flag freak .
i served , i was in the service -- uh-huh .
-- i was in korea -- uh-huh .
-- and , uh , well , i saw what the red in the flag represents .
yeah , well , i think pride in our country and our flag is so important .
it 's important in so many facets of our lives .
yeah , see what they , + there 's nobody holding them here .
see how they 'd like it under another flag .
they 'd soon be back , i 'm sure .
well , jean , we seem to be of the same opinions here .
i hope they get something out of this .
well , uh , uh , yes , but i think the jury should be able to recommend , make a recommendation ?
do they sometimes make a recommendation ?
oh , yes , yes .
that 's what i was thinking they , they sometimes do .
i do n't know if that 's a regular procedure or what .
but i know i 'm always hearing that , uh , well , the jury came in with a guilty verdict and they recommended , and they recommend .
twenty years or something .
and then the judge has the final decision -- yes .
-- on what does really happen .
of course , now , the jury may not be completely aware of all the ramifications of a sentence .
they may not know that if you give him twenty years he can get out in five .
it depends on -- uh-huh .
-- you know , what they 're , what they 'd been guilty of , and a lot of different things , i guess .
yeah , but too many times they , they are permitted to go out on parole and , - uh-huh .
a lot slip through the protective whatever they have to do .
and there are bad ones that do slip back out and end up hurting somebody again .
they just go out and repeat their crimes .
well there , - well , they say after three offenses its automatically life in prison , but i think they ought to make it two offenses .
it seemed like there , sometimes there 's not a good , - the balance is n't right .
it does n't make sense .
yeah , very true .
well , here again now , there is where race seems to rear its ugly head so frequently .
race or nationality even .
so , let 's put up with it , i guess .
improve it if we can , if we ever get a chance .
- jean , it 's been awful nice talking to you .
well , it 's been nice talking to you , jack , and i hope you have a real good day and week .
well let 's hope neither one of us ever has to run into this subject we were discussing .
<laughter> i hope not .
are you a t i - er ?
uh , yeah , i am .
it is friday , yeah , <laughter> .
that 's for sure .
well , uh , i guess , - i 'm trying to think the last thing i did to a car .
i , i , i do it a lot .
i have , - i kind of worked my way through college as a mechanic as a kid .
uh , so , and my father and brother were in it and , and my brother 's still in it .
i just do it all .
do , - i , uh , - there 's hardly anything that , other than putting tires on , that i 'll do .
-- did take it to a transmission place to put in a new transmission but , sure .
i change the oil and transmission and , uh , uh , i do , essentially do it all .
i do n't know , uh , uh , if there 's anything specific .
in fact , i could advise people , uh , i happen to be a m e besides .
-- i do it for fun really and to save -- right .
and i guess that 's diversion .
like i think sears is probably the best place -- yeah .
-- because , yeah .
but what i heard them tell other people was always right .
you know , when i sat there , i , you know , i dropped my car off for tires or something like that .
and so i respect , - they seem to actually have mechanics there .
yeah <laughter> , yeah .
i was pretty impressed with western auto , but they did n't do a great job of changing my transmission , uh , oil last time .
and when -- + really ?
-- when i did it the next time , i realized the filter was loose and everything , and i did n't like it .
so i 'm just doing it all myself .
i , i , - yeah .
that 's , that 's the aggravating thing .
yeah , i , i try to do as much as i can .
i , uh , i grew up on farm so i 've got that , uh , you know , take care of yourself attitude .
you had to do it .
and , uh , oh , i 've done , i 've done various things .
i 've got an , i 've got an eighty-three t bird and i 've , i 've -- oh .
-- changed out , uh , heater core and , uh-huh .
uh , oh , timing belts and things like that .
it did n't , it did n't quite pass .
so we had to have , uh , - that 's , uh , that 's a mustang with a two barrel carburetor on it .
and , uh , - well , you like fords , apparently , huh ?
i 've , uh , i 'm kind of stuck on them right now , i guess .
but , <laughter> you know , that 's , - it 's partially because i can work on them .
that 's , uh , yeah .
that 's , that 's , that 's a big part of my decision .
but , uh , yeah , we ran into some problems with , uh , having them to work on that carburetor .
i mean , they get , they got everything tuned up right , you know .
-- on a belt and it rubbed a notch in that .
li - , little things like that , that really start to aggravate you .
that , that 's a lot of the reason i do my own stuff .
we always fix things and rep - , put things in and walk away .
we , - there needs to be a time of inspection and check out .
and , and s - , thing like that with a car , there ought to be someone there that inspects it before it 's turned .
there ought to be an insp - , inspector or quality insurance guy -- sure .
-- after , after an oil change , you know .
sure , that 's -- just -- -- right .
-- in case , uh , they did n't put the oil in or whatever .
-- sometimes , and , and they miss things .
yeah , i 've , i 've had a hard time finding anybody i can trust .
like , like you say , it , it , - well , transmissions and things like that .
i do n't either .
i do n't either , yeah .
and , and , uh , you know , have an idea of what 's going on .
you need to really , uh , - i , i do , uh , a lot of the simple things .
i , i think i do most of the things better than the average person .
you , you have fords and i , i , uh , i have three chevys , which -- okay .
-- i worked my way into having the same engine .
i do n't know how long i 'm , - yeah .
i like a v-eight .
and i 'm , i 'm , -rsb- oh , yeah .
s - , sold on small block chevy v-eights .
and i , + yeah .
well then the nex - , the truck i got next , i definitely looked for the same engine .
so i buy filters , you know , three or four at a time .
and essentially -- sure .
-- the engines are different y - , - the cars are different years , but the same chevy v-eight .
and the par - , the carburetors is the same .
almost everything is the same .
th - , the course is two are eighties and one eighty-six , you know .
so you can learn a lot that way .
i , - there 's no way i could , i could fix every car in the world , you know .
that , that , - the biggest , you know , that 's the three biggest things to me , you know .
i - , i - , - number one , you 've got to have the tools around .
if you do n't have the , the special tools or , - well , any more the , the testers , that , you know .
<laughter> i , i do n't have a forty thousand dollar diagnostic tester sitting -- right .
-- in my garage , you know .
-- without a diagnostics .
but , then it 's experience .
but you better figure on multiplying that time out , about by at least by five or so .
ju - , just , just by not knowing , you know , how to get to that , that one bolt or that one -- yeah .
-- screw or whatever to get things apart .
that was , that was the biggest thing when i did , uh , the heater core in my t bird .
that is got to be the worst location for it .
and , and the only reason i did it , - i , - i think they 're all bad , really .
they 're , - yeah , <laughter> yeah .
the , the only ones i 've ever heard good , good things about are , are the old lincolns and cadillacs where -- uh-huh .
-- they had the little door underneath the hood .
you just open the door and pop it out .
but , but , uh , i , i had , i had taken this in to have it done originally .
and , uh , - what did they want to charge you for it ?
oh , it , it was , it was tremend - , - well it was about seven hours labor .
so it , it was going to run about four hundred dollars or so .
and they looked it over and they , they , they thought they could patch it up a little bit , you know , and what not .
so they , - this is your little water , uh , heater in there , for the , uh , yeah .
and it was , it was leaking inside the car , yeah .
in the condenser unit .
so , uh , they , they did a little patch on it , and it l - , it held for about four to six months .
and i finally went back in and started looking at it myself .
and i - , it 's a matter of tearing all the dash out and all that kind of stuff , but , yeah .
hey , it was not , uh , it was not a seven hour labor -- yeah .
-- job for me .
it was about a week before i finally -- did you get it -- -- through .
- -- inside or outside ?
i , i took one off my little buick i had , and i pretty much took it loose on the inside .
but it came out from the , you know , underneath the hood .
it came from , - oh , really ?
maybe you 're right , maybe you 're right .
i , - it 's been a long time since i took one out .
i do n't know whether you did yours .
not to really pull on those .
- i , + right .
when i take those hoses , i cut them off -- okay .
and they must have been stronger and heavier copper at the time .
but i broke one on my , on my buick .
and it had , it had broken loose enough to where if it got hot , - it , it spread out , yeah .
and just normal driving did n't do it .
but if , if , if it was an especially hot day , the pressure would get high enough -- yeah .
-- and it would start blowing the water out inside .
than to have somebody else do it .
sometimes if you 're a tinkerer , you luck out .
my wife 's , uh-huh .
uh , chevy , uh , it was a caprice , air conditioning stopped .
i , i just heard it .
i realized that the air conditioning was n't cutting in .
and i went out there for five minutes , and i just pushed on the wires .
and sure enough , just pure dumb luck , that the connection over by , - it 's not the evaporator , the big filter on one side .
i just pushed that in , and i heard it click .
and so sometimes you have dumb luck .
i , i was , you know , - you could have taken something like that and thought , well , the compressor 's not working .
or it would have taken me all day probably if i did n't do that .
-- sometimes you have some dumb luck .
if you -- that 's true .
-- have a little curiosity and you have enough knowledge to check things out .
i know , i feel bad for people who just , when anything goes wrong , a fuse , you know , they just have to take it .
and i know -- uh-huh .
-- that 's tough if you do n't , uh , at least give it a shot .
i 've got girls , daughters , and i 've always said i 'd teach them .
and my , my one daughter was fairly interested .
and i really have n't gotten around to , - i learned because i , i just , uh , learned , you know and , yeah .
i feel bad about not at least showing them some of the things .
and i 'm going to do that .
i said , so you can learn the basics , you know .
a - , - and , and not only from a , from an economic standpoint , just , just pure safety , you know .
if you can , + yeah .
if she can get yourself out of a bad situation without having to , to go to a phone booth and stand around and wait .
it , it , + right .
it can , it can save a lot of time and trouble .
about how many calls have you made on this system ?
uh , i 've originated only a , a few .
oh , okay , yeah .
but i 've received quite a few .
so i started about a month ago and i , - uh-huh .
i 've got about twelve tickets in the mail .
do you have , - you 've a few ?
yeah , i 've been getting mine .
okay , medical - go ahead , i 'm , i 'm medical .
uh , you pushed the record button .
we 're supposed to be discussing the subject .
i , i 'm benefits .
go ahead , you first .
that we get from t i. i 'm quite pleased with it .
-- i think jerry 's doing a pretty good job as it goes .
be better and better .
well , - then sal - , sal - , salary continuance , i 've never used that one .
i hope i never will , but that 's kind of like an insurance thing .
i sure like that one .
that 's like automobile insurance .
you never want to get in an accident but it , you like to have it there .
well , uh , like i say , i worked for several different companies and there 's nothing to compare with , uh , t i here .
with t i , or somebody else ?
no , with t i. uh-huh .
but i say , i was n't connected with g s i. oh , right , yeah .
and , i got caught up in a layoff .
now , uh , course you get six months , uh , unemployment from the state -- yeah .
-- but , what t i did for us is , is , uh , i 've never heard of it before .
uh , they had out of town newspapers and then , - and outside consultants .
did n't they have an outside consultant , too ?
i beg your pardon .
did they have an outside consultant , like a , <breathing> the employ - , - uh , yes .
they did have , uh , seminars every once in a while .
uh , course that was not , uh , restricted just to just us .
and they then , - t i paid me that .
so , uh , i was able to , uh , not just exist .
i mean , i , i lived just as comfortably as i did before i was laid off .
yeah , they seem to be do - , doing a good job of that .
i 'm in facilities , and our organization built , builds those facilities over in park central now .
and i guess they 've been using them for six months now .
he , he just learned , like you , he said he learned a tremendous amount that he never would have able to pick up on his own .
he was very thankful for that , too .
well , this was not a learning thing by any means .
it was just a , uh , to have an office , yeah .
an assistance trying to find another job .
through the whole process , uh-huh .
for , for several months .
he did eventually get a job .
well , course i went through this , uh , what , about five years ago .
they may have improved it considerably .
it 's very sophisticated .
and i guess it may be one of the best , uh , that anyone 's doing .
you 're absolutely right .
that 's a good one .
it , - what do you think about pensions ?
anything on that or , - well , now i have , uh , uh , - i 'm getting close to retirement .
and , of course i 've been looking into it but , uh , since i 'm only a yellow badger , uh-huh .
i wo n't be getting a whole heck of a lot from t i , right .
as far as retirement is concerned .
what do you think of a pension that goes from one company to the other like an account like a four o one account .
i , i 've been thinking about that for years , uh , i 've never heard of such a thing .
and then just add the money together like you do with a four o one account , you know .
uh , it 's your account , period .
it does n't matter where you go or anything .
that 's your account to roll over .
i , - that , that sounds like a hell of an idea .
i did n't know there was such a thing .
no , no there is n't .
i , i 'm saying that 's the question .
so you work for a company seven years , - yes , by all means .
well , what would be the difference between that and social security ?
uh , well social security 's going to go to way , i think and you can , or you can invest your own money .
you have no control over your social security .
you know , they may rebel and you wo n't have any social security .
where , if your money was in your account , i mean , you can never lose it , it 's there .
you do n't have to depend on anybody to be putting that money in for you , you know .
that 's just a thought .
i mean , i , - uh-huh .
if they say which , - no , i , i like the idea .
but i , + uh-huh .
i , i 've bounced around .
about every ten years , yeah .
it would be nice if they could get them together .
i do worry about medical , though .
again , knock wood that , uh , i have n't used it .
i 'm glad it 's there , though .
well , knock wood , i have n't used mine for anything major .
just doctor visits and , well , i , i have the , uh , the h o m a. i use h o m a. yeah .
and i like that , uh , a lot better than aetna .
i have the regular .
fallen right in line for the , the , minor things i guess i 'm the one just supporting most of the others .
well , does n't it work , you do n't see , uh , uh , anything until you spend the minimum ?
uh , do n't you have to spend the minimum of two , three hundred ?
yeah , yeah , i think it 's two seventy-five for a family but the dental is right away , yeah .
if you , - exams .
uh , - well now , i have the same dental you have .
yeah , the medical you have to have a deductible .
now , see i do n't have a deductible .
i pay a straight five dollars for anything , a doctor visit or drugs <breathing> .
well , drugs are okay , now , i 'm on that , uh , plan , where i take blood pressure medicine .
oh , that one i have n't heard about .
yeah , that 's a typical , that 's a typical one that 's in there .
the forms are right in personnel .
fact , you may be able to take care , take advantage of that .
it 's through baxter labs .
uh , yeah , i have high blood pressure problems myself .
maybe you still can do that .
do you , do you buy your pills one at a time ?
yeah , thirty days at a time .
well , tur - , turn in your forms .
go right to personnel .
i do n't know whether you have to about an h m o. i do n't think so .
twelve dollars for a three months supply .
or whatever , whatever the , the amount is , uh .
i do n't want to say three months , but -- uh-huh .
-- it 's a lot cheaper , allergy medicine 's really , uh , expensive and that blood pressure medicine is fairly expensive .
go right to personnel .
they got the forms in personnel and maybe , + yeah , great .
maybe i 'll tell you go something you did n't know about in benefits <laughter> .
yeah , i just might do that .
i do it , yeah , you know , it 's a very common thing .
well thanks , it 's through baxter labs , tell , - thanks for the tip , jim .
i shall look into it .
i 'm sure we 're getting close to our five minutes whatever , here .
uh , let 's see , we discussed , uh , uh , medical and dental , what other benefits , uh , retirement .
yeah , salary continuation .
i think that 's a great one , but again a hope i never use that one .
that means you 're really sick if you have to use that one .
i 'm satisfied with the vacation .
uh , yeah , that 's right .
so that 's , that 's fair , i mean , it 's reasonable .
four weeks is a lot , i think .
i know some people who have twenty-five years and thirty and they want more but , uh , you know , - uh-huh .
i wo n't , i wo n't be around that long .
-- when that 's done , and , uh .
yeah , how do you feel about it ?
uh , i believe in it , too <laughter> .
-- i would say go ahead and execute that person as well .
you know what i 'm saying ?
like , - right .
if , if the evidence was n't overwhelming , right ?
i do n't know a judge might be a little more cold-blooded about it .
uh , i 'm not sure about pennsylvania , whether we have it or not .
for some reason i was thinking that we do , but it 's , you know , it 's not very often .
i do n't , - do you know if virginia has it ?
no we do n't .
i know florida has it .
oh , yeah <laughter> , <laughter> .
they 're always in florida .
florida and louisiana , i think , and , uh , some of the , uh-huh .
course they have such a crime problem because they have such a un - , unemployment rate .
i 'm not even sure of that , but for some reason i think that , you know , it was something like that .
you know , compared to that and to how many people are being sent , that does n't seem like very many .
no , that 's true .
course they have a requirement that , uh , that every single appeal must be permitted .
so , of course , the , the attorneys , everyone would appeal .
take them through the whole chain .
that 's true , too .
you know , even if the case is open and closed , they go all the way up to the supreme court , you know .
they almost always get thrown right back out again , but they have to have every single appeal made open to them .
some of these guys are really , uh , you know , violent son of sam killers and stuff like that , you know .
i mean , they , - and then they get out .
everyone knows they 're going get , not going to get out .
yeah , they get out in three years on probation , yeah .
and they do it again , you know .
it 's like a slap on the fingers for them .
but , uh , but , are , are you , would you draw the line there with just the premeditated murder ?
uh , a lot of the , the , the other violent crimes i do n't really feel that strongly about .
although , you know , stiffer sentences and lessening the effects of parole , - uh-huh .
i do n't think the parole system is really helping that much <laughter> .
reduce the violence in the prisons .
i think that 's its only purpose -- uh-huh .
but some of these guys just do n't care , <laughter> .
and so , uh , - i think some of them would rather be in jail <laughter> .
yeah , right , uh-huh .
they probably have it better in jail than what they would out in the streets .
um , that 's possible i guess .
i do n't know , uh , i was just going to say something , i forgot what it was .
<< pause >> oh , i do n't even remember what it was now .
um , so where do you live in pennsylvania ?
well , i live in butler , but i 'm at c - , i 'm at college .
i 'm at clarion university .
i do n't think i really know that .
because , uh , you know , - that all depends , too , on where you are at .
that 's , uh , sort of interesting to get opinions as to where different parts of the country are .
yeah , and that would be pushing it .
so , i mean this is definitely a college town .
uh , we 're about two hours north of pittsburgh if that would help you out any .
uh , two hours where ?
north of pittsburgh , pennsylvania .
oh , i 've never heard of polk but , - polk institute .
it 's , uh , an old , uh , university that turned into a place for the mentally retarded .
uh , oh , i never heard of that .
very old , uh , historical place there .
it might have a new name .
sharon , pennsylvania 's up there .
we 're probably about an hour away from sharon .
- in that case , maybe , you know .
you know , i think people can be persuaded one way or another .
uh , anyone that is like so against it that you could n't persuade them in any instance .
yeah , but you know i look at that and say , well , they should have thought about that beforehand .
well , i 'm just saying that , that , that 's what , the , the client , lawyers are saying .
-- what the sentence is going to be .
you can plea bargain what you 're guilty of , but , you know .
so i do n't think that they deserve anything less <laughter> .
it 's just , - i do n't , i do n't know , i just <laughter> , - uh-huh .
i was just saying that way , - what they 're saying is that they ca n't get people to turn themselves in then .
and so , we have to go through a trial then to prove the person 's guilty .
uh-huh , and that costs money , yeah .
and perhaps we can and perhaps we ca n't and so the guy might get off .
there 's always a few of those people that are , you know , lost their head or whatever .
anyways , but , uh .
so , child care , your views .
and what religious faith ?
uh , latter day saints .
oh -- so -- -- that 's , that 's good .
-- so that 's what i would try to do .
uh , they do seem to be at the outside edge of both extremes do n't they ?
uh , so , have you ever used outside child care ?
no , i have n't .
we 've had like people come in and baby-sit for an hour or two but i 've never had , um , - real day care .
-- our step daughter 's ten now -- uh-huh .
-- and most of the day care has been provide for by grandma .
i like that situation , that 's usually real good <laughter> .
but , quite honestly what i believe to be the best day care situation was while we lived up , - the pass of woodland park -- uh-huh .
-- and it worked out wonderfully .
uh , yeah , but i do n't know that it would be state approved .
you can get somebody maybe willing to baby-sit but actual , you know , that 's sometimes different , done on a different scale .
yeah , a lot of times you might just need to go now and feel , file for it just like a business .
-- levels being defined as number of working adults for number of children -- uh-huh .
-- but , - that 's , uh , kind of a minimum there that you 're getting .
yeah , uh , my wife is , uh , agnostic and i 'm , uh , a backsliding presbyterian -- <laughter> i like that term <laughter> .
-- was quite good .
yeah , it was a good influence for your daughter , uh .
yes , very -- well , that 's good .
-- and , and , uh , << pause >> the care is what i guess you should emphasize in the term child care instead of the child .
yeah , a little bit of love and , and attention is what most of them need .
you know , even if it 's not a real educated program you can have good educational program and , and , - and not have any care .
do you know had a i 'm saying ?
uh-huh , it is <laughter> .
and , << pause >> you know , it 's a shame but most people doing , child care earn almost no money .
we 're not talking somebody that does six kids , uh-huh .
in their home or three or whatever .
somebody that does n't really put a lot of overhead whatever into it .
you mean somebody that has an actual establishment .
their employees earn almost nothing .
i know i , i did that for summer <laughter> so i can , i can vouch for that <laughter> .
and that 's really , really a shame too because , << pause >> - do you and your husband both work .
no , just he does i 'm , i 'm here during the day with her .
well , that 's wonderful if , if you can make it that way .
and should we be involved and , uh , what 's it going to cost us in the long run .
the middle east crisis should we be there ?
oh , dear that 's a hard one .
i mean , not sure that communism is , is as strong as it once was .
and i 'm not sure that , that that 's the reason why we 're , like we were in vietnam supposedly so .
well , you realize why we were in the middle east .
well , it 's because of oil is n't it ?
i really believe it 's because , - i think it has something to do with oil , do n't get me wrong .
but saddam is , saddam is a madman .
i agree with that .
anyone that would use chemical weapons to fight his own people , - oh , yeah .
well , yeah , he 's , uh , a bad person , very definitely , and , yeah .
obviously , that has something to do with it .
and , and if , you know , - i can see that he was in kuwait -- uh-huh .
-- kuwait was the nonaggressor -- uh-huh , uh-huh .
-- and the saudis are our allies .
we have several treaties and several alliances with the saudis that range back for probably forty years .
yeah , many years .
you know they 've been our friends through thick and thin .
they , well , were at the saudi border .
and ready to storm into saudi .
should n't we try and help our friends ?
forty-one americans , yeah , lives .
and that , that 's wonderful but what if , if that was n't the case .
what if we would have lost thousands of young men .
would that , would it have been too much of a price to pay for that ?
i do n't know .
well , and there 's a lot , and that 's , that we , - our own fault because we elected them .
i think that 's true but i think there 's a lot that we , the public does n't need to know .
i think there 's some things we should n't know just for nation - , national security sake .
you know , it 's , uh , - i went on jury duty here not long back .
and the guy said , well , can you share it with us what you , what you find so funny ?
he says , well , i already told you my sons a lawyer .
he said that when he graduated , the day after his bar examine -- uh-huh .
-- there in houston .
he told him , dad , you know how to tell when a lawyers lying to you ?
his lips are moving .
oh , my gosh <laughter> .
and ninety percent of all politicians , uh-huh .
and lawyers , - uh-huh .
have a lawyer background , yeah .
have a law background , you 're right .
so by definition all lawyers and politicians are liars .
the fact that they take our money and do n't do what we think is right makes them thieves .
yeah , that 's true .
yeah , that 's true .
so what 's it going to cost us in the long run there in saudi ?
are we going to lose more lives there ?
see , and i do n't know , i do n't know i ca n't tell the future that 's what scares me so much about it .
i mean i thought the war was going to go on and on .
and whenever you strike on open terrain with that sheer volume -- uh-huh .
-- there 's nothing they can do about it .
you know it 's not like we <breathing> threw eight aircraft over there all by ourselves and said this is wrong .
we were there , the brits were there .
the french were there .
this is with u n backing -- uh-huh .
-- <breathing> and to some level even russia was behind .
right , they were .
so honestly if there is , was a well perceived war , world wide this was it .
but what i ca n't understand is then many of the kuwaiti youth did n't fight , would n't fight .
it 's okay for us to go extend our youth 's lives like so much water in the desert .
and it 's not their job to fight for their own land .
yeah , that is very <laughter> it 's very strange .
their culture is completely different and almost opposite .
and really from all i can indica - , from all indications the iraqi beliefs , if you will , are more similar to our own .
and the kuwaitis are n't even helping rebuild their own country .
the kuwaiti young wo n't rebuild anything .
they wo n't work .
uh , i did n't realize that .
yeah , it was on the news last night .
oh , my word .
the , uh , u s army is doing it all .
see and that 's another question you have to ask , is this our job ?
is , are we , should we still be there even , you know ?
i do n't know the answers to those questions .
i think they 're tough and i think , you know , it 's , - i do n't know that anybody knows the answers .
i think they know what they believe but i 'm not sure they really are one hundred percent sure .
well , they talked to one kuwaiti woman yesterday .
and her biggest concern in life was that she could n't get a housekeeper .
and , do you have a housekeeper ?
no , and do n't plan on having one either , ever .
well , i would n't mind having one .
oh , i 'd love to have one but , you know .
- but , you know , i 'd like to make sure that i have a job tomorrow first .
it , it astound , you realize that the kuwaiti government gives every kuwaiti man , woman , and child money .
i was n't , i did n't , was n't -rsb- aware of that , no .
for doing nothing , yeah .
for noth - , for , for doing nothing .
for sitting on there kiesters .
oh , that ought to give their programming trouble should n't it ?
uh , they do nothing .
they hand them money each year and they 're part of , - okay .
um , i do n't have any , i guess , definite views about elderly care .
um , the first thing that comes to mind is kind of those horror movies that you see , uh-huh .
where elderly people are abused and things like that .
i think that 's one thing that i would look at if i was putting my grandmother or my mother , uh , in some sort of home .
the first thing that i would look at would be their history .
i agree with you .
i , um , - a group that i 'm a part of goes once a month to a , um , they call it the heritage house .
it 's , it 's a nursing home for elderly people .
and this particular one has people that are in pretty bad shape .
a lot of them have had , um , limbs amputated , or , um , have serious illnesses .
you know , that kind of thing .
and , um , i watched , - the interesting thing was i watched this particular one change hands .
it started out just being a terrible place for the people , uh-huh .
and then a new company bought it , uh-huh .
and came in and remodeled the whole place .
hired new nurses and , uh , just really , just redid it , you know .
just out of curiosity , what , what kinds of things were they doing when they were considered a bad place ?
well , to me , it was dirty , for one thing .
uh , when you would walk in , the smell was just , uh-huh .
the , you know , the floors , you could just , uh-huh .
if you 're walking on them , feel how filthy they were .
of course , i do n't know how many of them were , you know , not in their right mind .
or how many were , - in pain or something .
i just really do n't know , but i feel like they were neglected .
and , um , yeah , that was what i was going to say .
it sounds like just neglect all over .
you know , neglect to cleanup .
i do n't really think anyone was being , you know , cruel or , + uh-huh .
or trying to mistreat them or anything .
i just think they were not doing anymore , you know , than they had to do .
and , um , just kind of letting everybody live in a not very good environment <laughter> .
but this new company came in and they , like i said , they remodeled the place .
and it smells nice when you walk in .
and it looks nice .
and they got like several new color t v 's for the people , uh-huh .
and redid the dining room , where they made it , you know , a lot more place for them to be .
they made a little patio area where they can go outside .
just , you know , small things that make it seem a lot more homey .
and my biggest fear would , that they would be , is that they would be lonely .
just makes , just brightens and , and , + right .
and just makes them , just a little more active .
television , - uh-huh .
they can go outside and , just to know that they 're not , you know , laying in a room , right .
looking at gray walls .
you know , exactly .
that , that 's what would just really kill me .
i 'd like to know that , you know , they have friends there , right .
and they have little conversations and things .
i 'd like to know there 's a lot of interaction and , yeah .
maybe some kind of , of activity , little field trips or something .
i do n't know how they would do that .
but , - well , they , uh , - this place that we visit , it 's really neat .
they have , everyday , they have schedules of groups that come in .
and they will do bingo .
our group does a church service once a month .
and then other groups come in and do the services , you know , other sundays , uh-huh .
so that they have at least one service every sunday .
so there are a lot of things .
there are places that have a lot of things for them to do .
but you really do have to kind of seek it out , you know , uh-huh .
and make sure that it 's not a place like this one was <laughter> .
i did n't realize that there were groups that go in like that .
that 's , yeah .
yeah , it is .
it 's real nice .
and , um , i know our church does it and there are a lot of other churches , and they are just like civic organizations , right .
and , uh , i have other friends .
it 's kinds of neat , they take animals over and let the people pet them .
like they also have a dog that maybe needs a home and they will wash it all up , uh-huh .
and make sure it 's , it 's a friendly animal , uh-huh .
and take it in and let , just let the old elderly people pet the dogs .
that will be something , you know , they would look forward to if they knew , you know , that the puppy is coming on wednesday .
you know , that would be something to look for .
that 's really neat .
i thought that was a real unusual thing , uh-huh .
for someone to do .
so , yeah , there 's a lot that can be done .
it 's just a matter of people not being lazy .
and , you know , doing the best they can .
again , i do n't know what i 'd do if it was my own mother or grandmother , yeah .
putting any of my family in an elderly home , to me would be the very last resort .
you know , on you .
and i know that 's hard sometimes and , + yeah .
but it would really have to be a last resort , yeah .
because that would just , i would feel so guilty .
i would , too .
i do n't know .
unless i knew that they were somewhere , just really , i mean , just really great .
you know , that they were really enjoying .
i know what you mean .
i do n't know anyone personally that 's in an elderly home .
well , i have interesting conversations with a lot of these people because , um , many of them , of course , their minds are not good .
and so a lot them have told me exactly the same story , you know , yeah .
every time i visit them .
they 'll reminisce about childhood , uh-huh .
and tell me something that they did and then the next time i go it 's the same thing , you know , uh-huh .
that , - just somebody to listen to them .
uh , just seems to make them really feel good .
nod your head and smile at them .
i 'll tell you the people i feel the sorriest for , there 's a guy at this particular one i go to , uh-huh .
that i think that he 's really an intelligent person , uh-huh .
but he has cerebral palsy so bad that he just can not communicate .
and , um , he 's blind and he has seizures , you know , uh-huh .
i mean , he 's just like in a world of his own , and yet he wants so much , right .
to be around people .
and if you come over to him , if he can touch your hand , he 'll grab it and kiss it .
oh , and he 's always got a smile .
i mean , he really tries to , brighten up your life .
oh , it 's just amazing .
but he ca n't say anything .
he can just kind of make noises .
that 's something , that , if i had to work in an elderly home , i do n't think i could do it .
like i , i would really like to be a teacher , yeah .
but i do n't think i could do it .
because i 'm very , very emotional .
and the minute , i mean , the minute something happens , - yeah .
i cry on , i mean , hallmark commercials .
that 's just the end of me .
and so i mean something real life , i just , - uh-huh .
i interview a lot of children , i 'm an education reporter , uh-huh .
and i always go and do an education things .
i meet these kids who are , you know , dropping out of school left and right .
and all the sudden , they 're in this program .
they 're making straight a 's , they 're going to graduate early , uh-huh .
and i 'm just , i just want to hug them , yeah .
and go , you are just fantastic .
and , you know , i could just imagine , you know , working in a home like that , oh , yeah .
and those people , they 're so sweet and , + uh-huh .
and so genuine , uh-huh .
you know , and all they want is just for everything to be happy , yeah .
and you know , yeah .
and so that would probably just tear me apart .
oh , it does .
i mean , in a good way , but , yeah .
- yeah , it is , it 's really hard and , + uh-huh .
but one of the neatest things i think though is we always take our kids .
i have a three year old and a six year old , uh-huh .
and they , um , have gotten comfortable being around these people , uh-huh .
because they 've always gone with us , uh-huh .
and the people love them .
and they want the children , you know , to hug them or hold their hand and , so far , my kids will do it .
just real easily , uh-huh .
and i think it 's because they 've gone since they were real little , yeah .
and they 've never been afraid .
but that 's something , - to me children , uh-huh .
you know , need to , - people need to take groups of children , right .
<laughter> because the kids just brighten up their lives .
as we walk through the , the lobby they 'll all say , bring her here .
i want to see her <laughter> .
i would love to hold her .
with the younger children .
they 'll be telling them all kinds of stories .
that they do n't even know what they mean .
you know , they feel like they 've lived life so they need to share it .
and i 'm sure i 'll be like that , too .
well , me , too .
it 's quite an experience .
but , that 's great .
i did n't know there were such groups .
and , and , uh , it really helps those people , i think .
but , like you said , i 'd really have a lot of second thoughts before i put any of my own family members there .
it would be a last resort .
and i would hate it if anyone put me in one .
oh , i know .
i 'm always afraid like , oh , no , what if i lose my mind .
am i going to end up in a place like that <laughter> ?
<laughter> somebody take care of me .
yeah , that 's right .
- okay , well , nice to talk to you .
you , too , tonya .
um , currently , i 'm not doing a whole lot of exercise in any type of program .
i 'm mainly do a lot of walking .
i have a son that 's a little bit overweight and , um , the best thing we found to do with him is to walk around .
so my wife and i kind of take turns .
at one time i had a fairly regular exercise program .
but , in the last couple of months i 've changed to a new residence and everything has gotten kind of turned a little upside down .
all this space that normally would be dedicated <laughter> towards the , yeah .
exercise area , is covered in boxes .
um , what did you do when you did exercise regularly ?
well , i had , uh , a little routine that i did for warm ups .
and then i did some very mild , say , light weight lifting .
nothing , - i 'm not trying to make big bulging muscles , huh-uh .
just trying to try and stay as firm as i can stay in my old age <laughter> .
um , so we try to ride during the week to try and stay in shape for that .
so i try to , i 'm trying to stay in shape on a regular basis .
we do n't have any kids yet so , that 's a lot of , part of it .
that 's a plus .
oh , i have a total of five children .
i have three left living at home .
and they do take up a big part of my , uh , my evening and weekend .
and it 's tough being a parent and doing all the things that you should do for yourself , too .
it 's something they do n't tell you about when you 're growing up .
yes , when you become a parent most of your life is going to be dedicated to your children .
i think maybe walking or running would probably work because it does n't take much time and much money or whatever .
you have to , what i found from my experience is you have to budget time for yourself .
and you can use what ever rationale you want , but basically , the healthier you stay , the longer you 'll live .
if you kind of think of it as a rationale like that , it works out fine .
-- he was the pioneer of aerobics and all of health really .
he 's , he 's , kind of , he 's pretty much the innovator of the whole exercise thing .
it 's kind of a tip .
um , the research that i 've done - and i 've actually been in the drinking watering business since eighty-three .
and , it 's amazing , that , uh , you know , prior to like nineteen-twenty there were very few heart attacks .
there were none prior to nineteen-hundred .
well , in nineteen-three they started experimenting with chlorinating the water .
in nineteen-thirteen most of the major cities , - and after that we , + .
we started having the hearts attacks and , uh , dr. price wrote a book coronary , cholesterol , and chlorine .
you can usually find it in a health food store .
i know they had it in health food stores in plano , i used live in plano .
uh , dr. price , yeah .
and they were n't dropping dead of heart attacks .
that 's really interesting .
he did some experiments on chickens whose arteries are very similar to ours .
and , uh , proved that ingestion of chlorine causes arteriosclerosis , which is the , yeah .
clogging of the arteries .
and , uh , you know , he 's , there 's been a lot of reports since then .
and , e p a never published that report .
and what 's the name of this book again ?
coronary , cholesterol and chlorine .
i 'll have to remember that .
that will be very interesting .
my husband wants to go into medical school and be a neurosurgeon so , he 's really interested in the heart .
sorry , he made me laugh .
um , so anyway , - yeah .
there is , there is a lot of good information out there , uh , about health .
and a lot of the , a lot of the myths they 've been passing around , people are starting to realize are n't true .
i mean , i 'm all for having a diet high in fiber and all that , because that 's , that 's good for you , huh-uh .
if you get a chance read dr. cooper 's book on controlling cholesterol .
that 's a real good , um , - he talks about that .
talks about high risk factors and heart disease and all that .
i actually eat pretty much anything that i want .
and , uh , uh , i mean , i , - you have a good ratio of good to bad .
you know , they leave themselves wide open so they ca n't be sued .
but , uh , we 've , - i work at the t i site in hunt valley , maryland .
yeah and we 've had a few of the health fairs up here and , um , you know , i 've always come out aces .
low in fat and all that kind of stuff .
but , i mean as far as really being concerned about ingesting too much chlorine , i 'm not , cholesterol , i 'm not worried about it .
i , uh , i , i guess i 've had to discuss a number of what might be considered controversial issues , uh-huh .
and was going target shooting , you know , and it was very different it was a whole , <throat_clearing> .
so that 's , it 's really interesting .
well , it 's very true , now i 'm a , uh , new yorker by birth .
although i claim florida as my home now , uh , i have two sons living down there but i also have two sons living elsewhere , uh-huh .
one in tennessee , one in mississippi .
i think uh , <breathing> - well in your words , -- <laughter> -- they were a little bit too liberal .
<breathing> yeah , is n't it funny .
<laughter> i mean they p - they i believe if i 'm correct i believe they permitted their carrying concealed weapons .
they uh sh - quickly did away with it .
i think in the next session they they uh modified it <breathing> but it 's still legal to own <breathing> or possess weapons in uh uh florida .
the + <lipsmack> the one week uh seven day -rsb- the delay - you have the seven day waiting period .
yeah well that 's + i do n't uh that 's - mind that too much i 'm i 'm with the n r a myself .
<breathing> um i would say i 'm probably liberal yeah well let yeah me ask you this then .
sure how is your what is your feeling about uh uh expressing yourself by burning the american flag ?
well i 'll tell you .
it 's only because they make a big stink over it .
you just said it .
<lipsmack> it 's their right by freedom of speech ?
what does speech have to do with yeah .
then would you condone the burning of the capitol building ?
uh , <breathing> no but i think that 's that 's uh it 's that 's taxpayer 's money .
uh , then you do n't draw a line between public property and uh uh uh what a public uh symbol .
uh yeah uh i but think that 's here what 's again made i go democracy back to the second amendment you can disagree yeah .
by s - b - freedom of speech uh-huh .
has nothing to do with action .
well now that 's that 's -rsb- i true am + yeah i <breathing> but am -rsb- i think i i -rsb- adamantly g - - against that .
yeah <breathing> i i d - i guess <breathing> the idea you know they always keep saying like the framers .
and um i believe that the idea of burning huh .
<lipsmack> um as long as it 's your flag and and you 've made your your point .
yeah because , realistically , like for you for you you do n't think it 's right <breathing> no .
and i would never do it .
i i love this country too much , and that symbol means a lot to me .
but <breathing> i guess it 's just one of those things where if they if that 's what 's something it 's a need for them you know .
well here again we uh - even though you uh physically you agree with me yeah .
you would n't do it yourself .
nevertheless you maintain that it 's it is the right of of any citizen right .
to burn the symbol of their country .
uh , um so long as it 's their possession .
and to maintain it .
and , to me that 's uh uh black eye to every man that ever p - uh carried a weapon or killed for his country .
i agree there too .
i agree with you there too .
-lsb- i i the um i i it 's i find it you know personally disgusting but uh-huh .
<breathing> when , - it 's very easy to do .
i think <breathing> that 's the hardest thing , i do n't know if i could ever be a judge , because uh-huh .
things well emotionally tell me just has are n't it you know - ever been decided when when is a uh fetus a human ?
and there 's no concept of conception in medicine or biology .
<lipsmack> so then that so that throws out that idea makes it a religious discussion then .
so it 's - i <breathing> do n't know .
how yeah how it 'll sway from one e - one extreme to another .
<tv> well i think , i do n't know how your schools work back there but we support our schools here with property taxes .
and the land owners or home owners are the ones that pay the school tax .
so if you 're renting a house or doing anything else , you 're not actually contributing to the education of your children .
so , as it turns out , we do n't really have a tremendous education system because they do n't have the money they need to run it .
yeah , i , uh , i spent a couple , uh , years down in , uh , plano , texas .
and , uh , i was one of the home owners down there that got taxed to death , yeah .
for the , uh , plano , uh , school system .
and , uh , i , f - , you know , i know that texas does n't have a state tax , no , huh-uh .
and so all the things come out of the , the property taxes , yeah .
and i was , uh , really shocked at the amount of taxes i ended up paying .
than i was , uh , paying the , uh , property tax down there .
that the renters were getting including the , uh , educational services .
and the tax payment went to pay for the services that i was getting as a , a resident of that particular county .
and , uh , that 's the way it worked .
here in maryland we have , uh , a certain portion of your , your property taxes , uh , goes to education , yeah .
but also a portion of the state tax that you pay goes back into the county that you live in , to pay for the educational system .
oh , well that 's pretty good .
i mean the , the counties are much larger .
you know , in the , the whole state of maryland i believe there 's only like , uh , fifteen counties .
and , so , uh , you know each county has their own school system an , and it works out real nice .
um , the , the flip side to this is , are we getting what we 're paying for , yeah .
and i do n't believe so , um .
uh , him running as our education president and then finally a couple of years later getting around to doing something .
and so they 're actually spending thirty-three percent , and that 's real dollars , you know , yeah .
adjusting it back to , to the days , you know , when it started , uh , probably , you know , seventy years ago .
and what they 've said is that we have n't had a thirty-three percent improvement in education .
we 've actually gone backwards .
well they say that texas schools are some of the lowest in the nation .
that our high school graduates ca n't even match the national average .
so , you know , our school system down here is no where near perfect but they keep complaining they do n't have the money to do it .
because they say we do n't have the money to do it and , yeah .
you know , they 're not all the same and -- yeah , they need to take things at their own speed .
-- some students do horrible until like eighth grade , some do horrible , you know , until they get to like tenth grade , yeah .
and then all of a sudden everything clicks in , you know .
and then there are some students that , you know , read well at five years old , uh-huh .
and , you know , seem to excel .
some ki - , - yeah , i think it 'd be a lot better .
and on top of that they , they make the child feel inferior , uh-huh , because he ca n't do it .
because he 's not as good as another kid his same age .
i mean , it 's like , you know , that 's ridiculous .
and i 've got two out of the house already and i ha - , i have two that are in , uh , eighth grade this year .
and prior to their , um , - when i , when they were in elementary school they were identi - , identified as being slow .
and so they put them into special programs and then we actually held them back in fourth grade .
um , a boy and a girl .
last year the , the , uh , boy twin started doing real well .
and it , it , everything started to click in for him and he knew what he needed to do .
um , and this year it , it happened for , uh , for the daughter .
um , all right .
she just has been , jumped on out there .
really doing great this year and she has the right attitude towards school and everything .
and i think it 's just a matter of everybody has to find their own path .
i remember when i was in school , i did horrible up until about , + yeah , i did too , up until ninth or tenth grade .
and , you know , we had just about every thing that we needed but they do n't have it anymore .
there 's a lot of things that they do n't do in school anymore .
m - , our oldest boy goes to lubbock high down here and they go to school four and half days a week , so .
that 's pretty weird .
they 're re - , uh , they really stress academics there .
and tha - , that 's kind of the way they are there .
and it 's basically a rural county , once you get above about the half way point .
and we lived , you know , in the northern part of the county .
and it was just a complete culture shock , <laughter> i can imagine .
and where they had to raise a small animal .
oh , like , four h then .
had to learn how to drive a tractor .
they actually had to g - , take a driving test on the tractor , i mean , they just could n't believe this and it was great .
yeah , just something you do everyday .
yeah , and it was , you know .
it was like , ki - , kind of like the way we feel about going to work <laughter> .
<laughter> yeah , yeah , just something i have to do everyday .
that 's good , our oldest boy went into school politics and made vice <tv> ... - okay .
-- and , uh , i think that there 's too much in the , in , in a way of self-gratification today , uh-huh , uh-huh .
and there 's not enough sharing .
i would think that for , like people that are just filthy , filthy rich , - uh-huh .
and that 's all they know , yeah .
they would understand how other people live and , uh-huh .
yeah and i think the peace corps is great too , uh-huh .
and he 's making a movie in , i think it 's , uh , calcutta or either india , uh-huh .
somewhere where it 's , it 's a very poor , poor country , uh-huh .
and he said that people in the west , - he said since being there and i guess he 's been there about six months , uh-huh .
he said that his whole idea of what 's important has changed , um .
uh , demeanor , yeah , uh-huh .
yeah , in , in other words they do n't dwell on , on what they do n't have .
they dwell on what they do have and they 're happy with each other type of thing .
he said that out here , he said that when he comes back he knows that it , it 's ju - , completely changed his life .
and now he sees , exactly .
and i think that anybody that works in the , in some kind of service or for the community or something , uh-huh .
they can see , you know .
you do n't see what , you do n't , you ca n't know what you do n't see , exactly right .
you know , so and you have to experience some things .
you know a lot of people know that people , that other people are poor but you , + yeah .
they do n't know what poor is , right .
unless they actually see it and , you know , help or something .
how to find water and i 've seen so many , uh-huh .
uh , extraordinary things on t v , uh-huh .
it 's like one person can make a difference , right .
and i , i really believe that they can in something like that .
if you want to send like , you know , fifty cents a day , yes .
or something like that - and you can help a child .
but i just , i ca n't bring myself to trust this , + right .
this company who is trying to do this or whatever it is , you know , uh-huh .
just because people or so , i do n't know , just today people are just so money hungry , i know .
that i think they would do anything , it 's true , it really is .
and so you do n't know what they , - it 's the sad life i think today .
it 's , uh , it 's , it 's not like it used to be even in , in the years of my growing up .
i mean i 'm fifty-three years old , uh-huh .
and i have seen a town change from a town to a city and its , uh-huh .
uh , people , you know , grow from a small town to a large town , uh-huh .
and you would think that more people would be better , you know share more , uh-huh .
do more , you know , be more community oriented and all , uh-huh .
but if they just get more , uh , unto themselves kind of , - more self-centered , uh-huh .
right and , and it 's not the sharing of , uh-huh .
uh , a neighbor to a neighbor -- uh-huh .
-- and we would go out and not even lock our doors -- uh-huh .
-- and not even worry about it .
but you ca n't do that today .
but today , i mean , you know , it 's like you would n't even think of doing that .
if you do n't have bars on the window you 're not even safe you know ?
doors open , you just run , yeah .
in the store , you leave your car running , yeah .
and it 's amazing now how much it 's changed .
i mean i do n't go out i do n't go , in dallas i , - outside at night , you know .
and she had gone overseas to tokyo , uh-huh .
and she asked them there if there was some , anywhere that she should n't go because she was alone , uh-huh .
you know being a girl from another country , uh-huh .
they said to her that even if she left her purse on the subway okay , uh-huh .
that she would have that purse returned to her , this is how confident they were , wow .
okay , with nothing missing -- wow .
-- okay , this is a foreign country -- uh-huh .
-- and you would think , you know , uh , being , uh , an american or whatever , uh-huh .
you know , a foreigner there that , uh-huh .
that would be all the more reason that they 'd take advantage of you .
oh god , that would be the exact opposite of here .
i mean if you leave something anywhere you might as well forget it .
and she told me she said she could tell them for fifteen minutes places not to go in , + uh-huh .
in and around dallas , uh-huh .
and that 's where she was from .
she said even choosing her apartment she had to be so careful because of being a woman alone , yeah , yeah .
that 's , you know she had , - there are certain .
- a big , that 's a big thing with me .
i live in a one bedroom , i 'm single , uh-huh .
and i 've , i could live in an apartment , i live in waco , okay , oh yeah .
and you either live in really low priced housing or you live on the other side of town in the high price apartments .
-- and that to me is worth the extra money -- yeah .
especially , uh , young kids getting out of high school .
i mean at one time they would go into the service , uh-huh .
to have the same exposure and , you know , uh , to further their worldliness , so to speak .
and go to see , uh , foreign countries that they would not necessarily be able to afford to see , uh-huh .
it was like they said , join the navy to see the world type of thing , you know , right , right .
but nowadays , they do n't do that anymore .
yeah , they do n't even consider it .
or to , uh , you know , do something for someone else .
and i do n't know i attributed i think , a lot of that to women working .
to , - you know , to mothers not being at home .
i was talking to someone yesterday about that .
the bonding process , - yeah .
and we were saying that the basic , uh , the , the basic -rsb- family is , is disrupted these days , it very definitely is .
and the thing is , like i think a man can afford to support a woman , but the woman affords the luxuries .
in , in other words like anyone can live , uh-huh .
on a certain income no matter what it is , right .
you have to , right .
it , it 's what 's important to you .
now a family , - i , i think that like girls today , have children , uh-huh .
and six weeks later they 're back to work .
they do n't even have a bonding with that child , they , uh-huh .
do n't eve - , ever see the , - it 's , it 's the most beautiful thing that happens between a mother and a child .
the first , like say , six , uh-huh .
so much , when i call , - happens in that period of time , uh-huh .
and i mean once the child 's in school if you had a job from say nine to three , uh-huh .
big deal , i mean they , they 're in school , you 're at work .
